Why we can’t stop fighting about cancel culture   
ABC reporter  takes us through the Macquarie Dictionary's notable new words added throughout  the past decade.  Which one is your favourite?  #wordoftheyear #2019 #english #language #CancelCulture
The woke want to keep cancel culture alive. We need to kill it.   
Gabbard denounces “cancel culture,” referring to a veteran and college student who told her he was uncomfortable telling people he was a Republican.
What these cancel culture sjw types don’t get is that they are creating an emotional reaction from our already passionate fan base. Emotional triggers make people buy. My businesses are thriving due to their efforts.
If you can’t look back on old tweets and cringe at the things you’ve said, then you are playing too safe.  In a world of cancel culture it’s scary to possibly say the wrong thing.  But, I’ve found that saying the “wrong” thing and having an open mind is the fastest way to grow.
Cancel Culture doesn't exist, but I've seen online drags modify behavior.
Cancel Culture is real?
Cancel culture goes after Bret Stephens of the .  But, as  notes at  the revolution always eats its own.   
Cancel culture can be seen as an extension of call-out culture.  But while these ideas seem interchangeable at a glance, they're important in different ways:   
 Terima kasih. Saya pikir #padanan ini cukup pas: cancel culture = budaya pengenyahan    
 Did ya even read the article? Because what you’re doing right here is exactly the culture it’s describing. Did I endorse every thing Quillette has ever said? No. Just a link to one article. Don’t be a part of cancel culture.
 Are you saying to cancel cancel culture
 so tired of this cancel culture...
As others have said, it’s cancel culture. Don’t debate. Just cancel your subscription.
What we've forgotten about forgiveness in this current cancel culture.      
RWA really sent out a letter that could have just been summed up with "BE NICE! TONE POLICING GOOD! CANCEL CULTURE BAD!" and saved a lot of time.
 One of the few instances I wish cancel culture were real cuz I’m sick of seeing her and her shenanigans.
    It's a little bit reductive, CK, some dickhead rapid firing my "sins" at you in an attempt to scare you away from a positive movement that counters the destructive Cancel Culture efforts of people like that particular dickhead.  If you hate SJWs &amp; Cancel Culture, you're with me!
Some feel that cancel culture has gone too far. Others argue that it's an extension of civil rights' boycotts against the powerful.  Here's the debate over cancel culture, explained:   
Cancel culture is destroying men’s careers!   
Why we can’t stop fighting about cancel culture   
How hashtags, boycotts, and cancel culture came to define one of the most tumultuous times in American history.   
But here’s the thing. The only evidence the show of this alleged growth is him saying he has grown, his wife saying he has grown &amp; 1 white gay employee saying he has grown. Which brings be back to the simple fact that cancel culture doesn’t exist. It’s not a real thing.
a suggestion 4all those who discovered the word Toxic in 2018 2019 could U plz dead this word in 2020 or find a new one.Nomore PC culture and only cancel CULTURE 4 Rapists , peadophiles and Child Murderers please A MAN SAID FUCK ETC ETC 10 yrs ago leave the man to have his job
 I appreciate the kind words. I'm not sure what cancel culture is. As for whether it's news, discrimination shouldn't be ignored. I respect your opinion that you think this is worthy of my news feed. I do, and I believe others will agree.
Cancel culture is wack, people that don't like you for whatever reason will twist the truth and derive it to the point where it's not even close to true anymore. Make sure you know how to read through Theseus' Ship arguments and offer support to your friends if they're under fire
      Leftists can easily be Red Fascist because they crave power and get a rush from projecting their narcissistic rage mob into cancel culture and authoritarian control in place of real rigor.
      You know your racial inquisition doesn’t work anymore, that woke tactic is so old it’s in the garbage burning right now. Your cancel culture BS has failed. And your substitute for intellectual rigor shows you’re not the arbiter of who is “anything” but thanks for playing.
youtubers trying to navigate conflict during the rise of cancel culture
 This is the RIGHT way to rectify these situations - a coherent explanation and apology. Anyone who tries to argue the apology is a part of cancel culture and represents a much larger issue than a bad joke.
      Debra Soh is missing serval things in her analysis and these folks don’t engage in cancel culture.  Sorry but nice try.
 I choose where to put my pounds. That is simply me choosing to cancel the support of an artist’s work. If enough people do that I guess it’s cancel culture. Public shaming is pack-mentality viciousness. I think they’re different things. Somewhere in the mix is no-platforming too.
Cancel culture is predicated on  an opinion. It’s bullying people out of a job based on an assumption a few words or a liked tweet. This is obscene and most of these people being targeted are women. No cause justifies pitch fork and flaming torch diplomacy.
Anyway if cancel culture worked, Bret Stephens would have been fired for using his privileged access to an NYT column to compare someone to a Nazi for making a schoolyard joke about him.
So my impression of twitter after a two week break is  1. A lot of bad hot takes from smart people, including QTPOC that I would hope know better  2. The Judith Butler donation piece in Jacobin was trash 3. Twitter has a tear down culture problem, not a cancel culture problem
 I think holding people to honest standards is important. I sent that tweet earlier b/c I saw a flurry of tweets that were talking abt remarks on Libya &amp; it felt like “cancel” culture to me. And I found it suspect since I hadn’t seen any of those accounts tweet abt Nouri arrest.
 honestly deserved. cancel culture goes precisely far enough.
Do you think cancel culture is a good way to improve our society as a collective and as individuals?
A new Netflix series goes behind the scenes with comedian Kevin Hart, one of several celebrities in the crosshairs of “cancel culture” in 2019.   
For all the rhetoric about cancel culture being the first step to cultural (or actual) persecution, it’s actually much more mundane: ordinary criticism voiced by ordinary people across new platforms.   
"Cancel culture"
Do you get cancelled if you cancel cancel culture?
If you haven’t hit the beach yet, I’ll be on  at 8.30 this morning for a 2019 year in review on #MeToo , harassment, cancel culture and my new book #GenerationF . Join me!    
Quick question. How comes R Kelly is in cancel culture but Elvis is still seen as a music god
 Cancel culture at its finest
Les défenseurs de ce monsieur méritent-ils de subir toute la force de la "cancel culture". Certainement. Du moins tant qu'ils s'entêtent dans leurs folies.
At a time when talking about scammers and "cancel culture" are more popular than ever, the tech industry has also had its fair share of failures too.   
#CancelCulture is alive and well in the UE community after the Walter McCarty allegations.   
Screw you, Conservatism Inc/  / Soros #cancelculture !   See you soon,  !  #FreeSpeech
cancel culture can chill
A good look back at Don Imus. Some called him racist, some called him the first victim of the cancel culture, some said he was funny. All were right.
Karen Price represents #CancelCulture
But they also have a lot of great exclusives and shows that I watch daily.  If I only watched programs that aligned with my political and spiritual beliefs, I would be forced to watch Spongebob only.  Cancel Culture goes both ways.
In an era of cancel culture - is Frank Zappa’s album Joes Garage one to shelve? Instrumentally, it’s incredible but the lyrics are problematic
Excellent papier dans  d’ sur la scène comique américaine et la cancel culture.      
   is a major part of the reason we don't currently live in a dictatorship where PMs can shut down Parliament to get their own way. Yesterday's cancel culture forgot that. His tweet was duuuuumb. But while I don't agree with his action, I've never faced that dilemma.
In the interview, he made comments about his attraction to a teenage Beyoncé, and Cancel Culture is coming for him 👀    
Boycotts are not the same thing as cancel culture my dude
TFW you spend the whole year sobbing about cancel culture but then Netflix makes a movie about gay Jesus.   
People will seriously cry about cancel culture on here all day long but then one person says “hey report this bitch” and everyone does it without seeing any screenshots or proof. People run businesses off social media, you know? You not thinking can cost someone’s livelihood
Enter, cancel culture.   
If any single comedian proves that cancel culture is b.s., it’s .     
 Cancel culture run amok.
We talked to Vietnamese-American poet Ocean Vuong about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
 They’re not trying to use cancel culture. They’re saying DON’T PLAY THE FUCKING SONG. They’re commenting on something that *actively hurts people*. Just don’t play the damn song! Or play the edited version!
. helped cancel some of the biggest monsters of all—but he believes the movement should have its limits: “I think cancel culture with respect to words and not actions, is by and large quite silly”   
“Cancel culture is not real — at least not in the way people think,” writes    
 As a public figure you have to cover every angle or you'll be killed. Cancel culture is just like that.
Okay I normally don’t talk on issues like this but cancel culture is seriously getting out of hand now   
How I know cancel culture isn't real: Y'all are listening to Kanye West's Sunday Service album called "Jesus Is Born."   
2019 was the year 'cancel culture' took on a gorgeously messy life of its own   
2019 was the year 'cancel culture' took on a gorgeously messy life of its own   
2019 was the year 'cancel culture' took on a gorgeously messy life of its own   
As far as comedy is concerned, “cancel culture” seems to be the name the mediocre and legends on their way to mediocrity have given their own waning relevance.   
2019 was the year 'cancel culture' took on a gorgeously messy life of its own   
cancel culture can suck my dick. miserable bunch of bitches
Twitter, pitié, step up le game pour 2020. Stop la mauvaise foi, stop l’infantilisation, stop la projection névrotique, stop le procès d’intention, stop la cancel culture. Tout ça nécrose toute réelle chance de progrès, et empêche qu’on se sorte le cul des ronces.   
The “Cancel Culture” can be annoying a lot of times!
 I’m referencing cancel culture as it relates to music. It’s not real especially if an artists is mainstream and has crossed over.
From columnist : Today's 'cancel culture' would rather silence those we disagree with than engage with them. Here's why it's a mistake.   
   But have you considered this: joining the cancel culture will make you feel better without the downsides of actually having to make an impact?
“I think the #MeToo culture goes into the cancel-culture realm...Even just finding love in the work-place...That used to be the only way. Now it’s like how could you? The head of McDonalds getting fired for having a consensual relationship with a coworker. That kind of threw me.
Cancel culture inception.
From 1962, the same year they published their first Bearenstain Bears book. (h/t  &amp; )  So I guess my lifelong dislike of the Bearenstain Bears now has a retroactive cancel-culture rationale.   
Today's 'cancel culture' would rather silence those we disagree with than engage with them. Here's why it's a mistake.   
 The part where they attribute students opting out to cancel culture is where it just spirals
Cancel Culture is an artform.
Cancel culture is at it again.
My fav thing is about all the pieces on how scary(?), bad(?) cancel culture is, is that even the critics admit that it’s confined to Twitter, and yet they write columns and columns about it like it’s caused the deaths of 100’s people.
You would think the country is not slipping into facism the way people have been crying about “cancel culture”
They did it with George Takei, they did it with Andrew Yang, they’ve done it to me, and they’re doing it to so many others. Cancel culture is fine if only the guilty get punished. But destroying innocent people’s lives based on rumor and innuendo is both unjust and inhumane.
Today learn the terrible true story of Christmas.   How identity politics confuses cancel culture.   How to deal with shitty relatives for the holidays.   And Bill Cosby being offended at Eddie Murphy's language while he is trying to rape.     
never want to hear any right wingers bloviate about ‘cancel culture’ and ‘free speech’ you don’t know what it’s like, the calls are not coming from the left and they aren’t hurting white men
People talk about cancel culture like it's some brand new thing, but people forget that all the way back in 2013 Idris Elba actually canceled the apocalypse.     
 Please tellem. Funny thing is folks that complain about radical “cancel culture” are just being wooed into a form of aggressive ass passive aggression. It’s a genius spin. Shit couldn’t work without creating a unified “he’s a scumbag but that’s ok cause...” culture. egg &amp; chicken
'Look at US, UK Left: Why woke cancel culture won’t help Indian liberals fight CAA and NRC'  Asim Ali  research scholar in political science at the University of Delhi, writes  #ThePrintOpinion      
'US-style cancel culture won’t work for Indian liberals in fight against citizenship law'  Asim Ali  research scholar in political science at the University of Delhi, writes  #ThePrintOpinion      
 It’s weird to me that “cancel culture” is a term for “I no longer am paying with my money or time attention to that person.” Isn’t that…choice? Freedom?
   He’s low key threatening Jeremy with cancel culture tactics.  He’s a penis.
Italians as the origin source for cancel culture. Nothing feels as good as declaring someone dead to you. Try it. It’s liberating
. weighs in on the best and worst feature of the internet over the past decade: cancel culture   
“cancel culture” 🚮
the warm reaction to last night's SNL proves, once again, that cancel culture isn't real.   Chris Rock makes shitty rape jokes and Dave Chappelle is still transphobic as hell, but people still watched and enjoyed the episode.
Dave Chapelle, Bill Burr, and now Eddie Murphy’s “Gumby” segment on SNL: great comics are slowly dragging audiences out of PC-fueled outrage addiction and cancel culture.
Yep, we did it: we asked Lindy West about Cancel Culture and the astrology craze.   
Can we cancel ‘cancel culture’ for 2020.
👇#comedy #standup #cancelculture #freedomofspeech yes!!! There’s a reason why so many great comedians are speaking out on  behalf including  ’s Michael Che,      
Absolutely agree with this. Cancel culture is toxic.
'Nihilism' author  argues that #Nietzsche would have spurned the "orgies of clicking, more recently called cancel culture" which characterize much of our use of  social media in this interview with  columnist    
  cancel culture coming for hsien chang
 I don't think there's a cancel culture where abusers are being unfairly ostracized. If anything, it's victims who are constantly pushed out of circles and disposed of.
Weird how all the tweets about cancel culture being bad suddenly stop when it's (rightfully) happening to a woman.   
 I am super skeptical about anyone complaining about virtue signalling or cancel culture esp if white
 Thank you! I think I could maybe do it even if I don't think cancel culture exists lol
 Ha! Fair. I don't believe in cancel culture. But I so agree that social media has ruined/hindered online discourse in so many ways
 Then be nuanced, man. Ditch the "STFU" crap. I think cancel culture sucks too.  As far as JK, she stepped in it. As I understand it, the lady who was let go didn't just make one little mess up. There was a pattern of bigot-flavored behavior.
 Dude, cancel culture *does* need to check itself. Certainly.  But to lash out at trans people in the process of sharing that opinion? And to do it agressively? Bro, I've kept my cool. You haven't.  Doesn't that make you the snowflake?  Calm yourself.
"Cancel culture, the practice of digging up dirt from people’s pasts or taking comments out of context to end the careers and legacies of celebrities and even historical figures should no longer be acknowledged by the public."     
As always: If you have anything negative to say about that, it's cancel culture, so watch out
I pray to god every night that if I ever break through cancel culture will be done
“Cancel culture is not real — at least not in the way people think,” writes    
While it can be problematic, certainly very messy, and even judgmental, cancel culture also gives power to minority groups that historically have not had the luxury of speaking out.   
I feel as though those who believe #cancelculture a. exists in a broad &amp; impactful way and b. that it is among society’s great problems probably also are worried about #mensrights , want #straightpride parades, think #winecave owners need defending &amp; want a white history month
Haha that’s where the business comes in ...  But The same rule should apply for every channel that has something/someone u don’t like then.   That’s pretty much cancel culture, I detest that.  Just don’t watch them.  That’s to everyone in general btw.
I Trust, Eventually YOU WILL:  - Live IN Your Purpose - Overcome Your Triggers - Embrace Your Feelings  - Outgrow Your Comfort Zone - Check Yourself Regularly - Be Accountable For Your Thoughts - Cancel Your Cancel Culture - Keep Your Peace w/o Running - Live IN Abundance - SEE
Cancel culture is weird.
 and wasn’t allowed to - and JK feels that’s wrong. How is that okay? As for cancel culture, we’re all entitled to support who we like, but I know I don’t personally want to support someone who holds those kind of views.
My big quest lately has been to keep reminding myself that everyone has their own issues.We never know what’s going in people’s lives.Before you join a twitter pile-on it’s worth trying to remember that.Don’t get caught up in the mindless cancel culture mob.Form your own opinion   
In her campaigns against unhealthy body ideals, this TV star has inspired thousands of women – and enraged thousands more. How Jameela Jamil's 'feminism-in-progress' clashes with online cancel culture.   
4) The thing is, in a world of increasing outrage, with cancel culture on the rise, if you are the sort of person willing to speak uncomfortable truths, you now need to consider your own personal attack vectors.  To speak truth to power, you must become powerful.
Comedian Margaret Cho on cancel culture: "I always think of myself as — I was cancelled in 1994, so I'm kind of safe? Like, I was cancelled so long ago, it's like: I invented the cancellation. I started the cancellation."   
 Beats me..! #CancelCulture
The gang tries to scam sex from Airbnb guests, break up a couple grieving their dead son, and terrorize a city councilwoman into missing a vote on a public urination bill. How has the show survived cancel culture?    
we talk about "reckonings" and "cancel culture" and yet LITERALLY nothing has changed
Simply making an assertion of fact provable by science is “horrific” to the woke cancel culture leftists. Bebe didn’t misunderstand. She just doesn’t want to risk mob outrage. 
“The true cancel culture, it could be said, is the flurry of factors that makes Americans so likely to back out of plans these days.”   
. helped cancel some of the biggest monsters of all—but he believes the movement should have its limits: “I think cancel culture with respect to words and not actions, is by and large quite silly”   
  But I also think Pete Buttigieg was right about the hypocrisy of requiring Purity Tests from people you want to destroy while being impure yourself. Cancel culture and exploiting victim narratives to make political hit jobs against your opponents is out of hand and disingenuous.
Jane Lynch was so incredible in Finding Nemo. cancel culture gone too far.
It may be meant as ironic but will not be read that way. And if you then follow it up with insistence that cancel culture isn't real, people will just point to your (seeming) participation in a cancellation!
 Ok. But It’s the self congratulatory -announcement!- the epitome of twitterdom.  JK says something we don’t agree with and now &lt;cue trumpets&gt; I. WILL. UNFOLLOW!   Cancel culture. Come on. It is. And the point here is to get others to unfollow her too, isn’t it? Why announce then?
Cancel cancel culture 20forever
 Cancel Culture got Remington Steele too! 😂
Santa invented cancel culture
"When you have masses of people not legally sanctioned to criticize social behaviors, this can be a concern to those who believe they are." Cancel culture is chaotic good:    #news #feedly
Important thread. I cannot promise to never let you down. I thank you for looking past my previous screwups and being OK with any differences of opinion that we currently have.   And when you give up on someone you used to love, that's not cancel culture...it's just culture.
On this week's Inside the Hive,  is joined by Catch and Kill author  to discuss Jeffrey Epstein’s death, why Donald Trump and Bill Clinton still haven’t gone down, and why cancel culture misses the point   
On this week's Inside the Hive,  is joined by Catch and Kill author  to discuss Jeffrey Epstein’s death, why Donald Trump and Bill Clinton still haven’t gone down, and why cancel culture misses the point   
Cancel culture 2020??
 The Hill often seems to feed off cancel culture, IMHO. Even if they have to invent the basis for cancelling someone.
Has cancel culture gone too far? What would that even mean?   
The true value of cancel culture:     by 
The gang tries to scam sex from Airbnb guests, break up a couple grieving their dead son, and terrorize a city councilwoman into missing a vote on a public urination bill. How has the show survived cancel culture?   
Everyone in the replies is so worried about flirting in general. Cancel culture really did a number on society and the limits of human interaction, huh?
 Cancel culture??
   Why on Earth would you think that "cancel culture" is bidirectional, that's inherently self-contradictory (if saying good things could get you uncanceled the way saying bad things gets you canceled then no one could ever be canceled in the first place by definition)
 My friend 's one-word review is "closure" but that's only possible when we've inspected what we're holding onto. Like struggling with female-led or non-white casts or storylines. Some of us are just canceling ourselves out in this cancel culture.   
Aye  I know what you said about cancel culture but #NahBro we need to get  TF OUTTA HERE!
  Nobody got cancelled, nobody's getting cancelled, I specifically commented on cancel culture itself, and you also didn't reply to anything I said
Miss America update: questions to contestants so far on cancel culture, boomers, mental health, potential trans contestants, and single-parent households. I am ... into it.
Oklahoma asked about "cancel culture." She says it stems from a lack of bipartisanship? Okay. Then asked how she deals with baby boomers as a millennial????? Truly what is going on #MissAmerica
Miss OK just got asked about cancel culture but answered a completely different question. #MissAmerica2020
Andrew Yang is right about media accountability. Cancel culture is getting so out of whack that the media publishes many articles based on rumor and innuendo over facts and evidence. It’s the ultimate form of gaslighting and bullying that then become official record. #DemDebate
Cancel Culture Hits Homeschooling As Busybodies Attack Big Program   
Cancel culture is just as problematic as instant celeb woke status.   Y’all be handing out invites to the cookout like you’re Oprah
we should just cancel culture all together imo
It's our last #WalkInsWelcome episode of 2019 and we have  to discuss cancel culture, the impossibility of proving you didn’t do something and why most valuable thing about free speech is not what people say, it’s the fact that people can speak.   
While #CancelCulture sometimes goes too far, this ignorant prick should never be anything but permanently unemployed.
 I'm sure Camila would definitely receive the message if she messaged her privately. I don't think you're understanding me lol. I'm not into cancel culture, I'm not saying to forgive, I'm saying don't tell WOC to "let it go".
 Cancel culture strikes again
When I was in Los Angeles this year, I had a chat (on cancel culture, funnily enough) with the very funny  on her show "Walk-ins Welcome". The site seems to be struggling a bit at the moment but the interview will be here in due course:   
The usual suspects will claim trans people are trying to infringe on freedom of speech and you’ll see the usual cancel culture dipshits crowing about mean tweets directed at a British billionaire but don’t fall for it.  Everyone deserves a workplace free of personal harassment.
JK Rowling defends woman who lost employment tribunal over transgender posts    #Twitter #SocialMedia #CancelCulture #Woke #Republican #Democrat #USA #UK #Liberals #Tories #News
Nothing makes me happier than swift justice, well deserved. (The  will decry this as #CancelCulture. I like to think of it as the free market speaking.)
 is a pioneer on the wrong side of cancel culture. She's had her fill of it as an author and in politics. She sits down with  to recount her fight against the politically correct.       
A helpful reminder when the ruling class brays about “cancel culture”: Despite their lip service to “choice,” ther HATE for you to exercise any choice or critical thinking about the culture or information you read, see or hear.
It's amazing that in our cancel culture shit hole this ridiculously reasonable stance is going to get JK Rowling canceled.
NEW Podcast🎧  Dr. Everett Piper joined #SheThinks with Beverly Hallberg to explain the state of free speech in America, including censorship in academia and the dangers of cancel culture.  #NoSafeSpaces #CancelCulture #HigherEd #FreeSpeech   
Walk-Ins Welcome w/ Bridget Phetasy: Helen Dale and the Changing Rules and Ramifications of Cancel Culture (#61)   
Whether he makes controversial statements, supports Trump, or embraces religion, Kanye West will always be "cancelled." West knows it, too. As he told a recent interviewer, “I’ve been canceled before they had cancel culture.”    via 
Today’s ep might be ‘cancel culture’. Hear it for yourself on   on demand!       
 there might be a difference between cancel culture and this particular shitshow.  Not that they’d notice.
 Not to get all “cancel culture” here, but firing really isn’t even enough tbh. This dude worked for a radio station in the same region as Columbine, I cannot wrap my head around it.
People say it’s risky to talk about it with businesses but I think America likes to talk and I am fighting cancel culture.   Let’s learn from one another!
“Cancel culture” has only just really hit America.. in the UK we been building up our idols and then destroying them for decades
 cancel culture strikes again!!
 Sure, not everyone agrees with me or each other (and there are some dunderheads who insist that all of this was an overreaction while throwing around phrases they don't understand, like "cancel culture" and "political correctness").
 "Cancel culture" is a made up phrase for people who don't want there to be consequences of offensive actions. ... Also, show me where I said he shouldn't work anymore. I'll wait. It'll take you a long, long time.
You can too - six quid/ten bucks for six editions of  Monthly as part of our Final Word partnership - a steal. I’ve written about Warner and Cancel Culture for the next mag. Who knows, might get me CANCELLED. To access the deal, click here:   
 What does it say about Twitter, 'cancel culture' and the online 'mob' that lots of really reasonable, compassionate, thoughtful people are fearful of offering an opinion on a sensitive topic?  I'm also staying quiet too, mind.
  This is an especially silly case for "cancel culture" complaints because the only reason people are talking about it today is that she went and scrubbed her Tumblr. Who's fault is that?
  Yeah cancel culture is so extreme she had a #1 single, a #3 album, a Grammy nomination, and two VMAs this year lol
 Society wasn't always like this. The (cancel) culture became weaponized at some point, catching some people in the crosshairs that didn't deserve it. There is also the failure of allowing atonement, ever, and those who are outright wronged, never get their due process.  Its weak.
The NonCompete Podcast Ep. 6 Menu  0:00 Intro &amp; Awkward Mom Issue 6:18 Rise of Skywalker vs Cowboys  19:28 Luka-less Mavs Win vs Mil 32:30 Space Pants Revelation  40:00 Office Flatulence Debate 45:43 Cancel Culture  55:34 Pick Up Hoops w/ Pro Athletes    
New from Lingua Obscura! Cancel Culture Is Chaotic Good   
Any time somebody mentions "cancel culture" remind them that Republicans filled their diapers and hosted CD-smashing parties after the Dixie Chicks said "We don't want this war" at a concert in 2003   
Kanye v. Cancel Culture: No matter what the rapper says or does, unforgiving scolds lie in wait.      
NEW Podcast🎧  Dr. Everett Piper joined #SheThinks with Beverly Hallberg to explain the state of free speech in America, including censorship in academia and the dangers of cancel culture.  #NoSafeSpaces #CancelCulture #HigherEd #FreeSpeech   
In which I explain how last week's "cancel culture" mob got played. Don't  me with your outrage; it doesn't bother me.   
Honestly, I think cancel culture would’ve gotten him.
This is an interesting summary of why Jameela Jamil has divided opinion on Twitter &amp; Instagram #CelebrityStudies    Jameela Jamil v cancel culture   
 Hi Rach.  Yes. I absolutely would. I’ve always been vocal about my distain for trail via social media and cancel culture. Careers can be over n seconds because of an allegation or even a rumour. In this case I believe it’s important to hear the full story first.
In today's Tortoise:  🥊  vs cancel culture 🥊  In her campaigns against unhealthy body ideals, the TV star has inspired thousands of women – and enraged thousands more   
Jameela Jamil v cancel culture   
 Booooooooooooo! I 100% understand cancel culture now. I’m hurt and offended &amp; someone needs to pay (but seriously this blows my mind. It’s my favorite dessert. I think you’ve just had shit cannolis and that makes me sad)
It's kind of amazing that people believe cancel culture is real.
 I read a theory on this, it said since cosplay/lewd models are often part of cancel culture(Idk if that’s true) then to retaliate groups would start lobbing against their content being in public social media sites as revenge, damn shame but what a storyline that be if it’s true.
 No no no! We're too old to participate in cancel culture!
Speaking of Cancel Culture... One Punch Man Gets Canceled!   
 Gotta love cancel culture lol
  A big part of this was cancel culture disincentivizing writers.  Writers work best when they have freedom to experiment without being drawn and quartered over any perceived deviation from orthodoxy.
NEW Podcast🎧  Dr. Everett Piper joined #SheThinks with Beverly Hallberg to explain the state of free speech in America, including censorship in academia and the dangers of cancel culture.  #NoSafeSpaces #CancelCulture #HigherEd #FreeSpeech   
 Incorrect. It’s a story because another TV presenter has fallen foul of the “cancel culture” after assaulting her boyfriend......
Whether he makes controversial statements, supports Trump, or embraces religion, Kanye West will always be "cancelled." West knows it, too. As he told a recent interviewer, “I’ve been canceled before they had cancel culture.”    via 
  I had so much buzz going into 2020 this is cancel culture at work
  Business: 1. I paid  to build this site for me. You should pay him to build sites too. 2. Cancel culture is good and there are thousands of comedians standing by to replace  or any other comic who might get cancelled.  3. This is a real list.
What happened on Survivor is so unambiguously clear to me that I'm gobsmacked that there any people—and there are quite a few of them—trying to argue that all of this is liberal culture run amuck, and for them is evidence of hypersensitivity and cancel culture. Please.
 if there was ever a worthy defense of cancel culture, it is whatever journalistic hack wrote that article
 Haha I don’t like most of cancel culture bc I find some of it performative but I don’t think it comes for people who dissect white supremacy. In my observation it’s comes when people sexually assault people or say racist/sexist things. Pls ur like everyone’s favorite
The real cancel culture
I listen to the  podcast religiously (on my knees, weeping and in prayer) and this edition was particularly good.  has survived the #CancelCulture would-be whacking.
The price of cancel culture is eternal vigilance.   
“I’ve been canceled before they had cancel culture.”    
  White feminism has become the cover for white supremacy in that they can get away with horrendous attacks against people of color under the guise of equality. The African American Times Up CEO had to resign because of this cancel culture where no real evidence is presented.
  Cravat Cancel Culture
    It’s not just the New York Times. Virtually all the news outlets have compromised their journalistic integrity when it comes to smears and cancel culture without evidence. We’ve become a society of propaganda and innuendo over the truth if it fits a predetermined narrative.
  people can't even say anything these days without falling victim to these kinds of cancel culture, PC faux-outrage mobs. sad!
I don’t participate in cancel culture. The values I’ve been taught center restoration not retribution. There is no restoration when the modus operandi is turning the cheek, for abuser or victim. Young, old, male, female, two spirit, it made no difference. We can &amp; must do better.
I don’t know if this is a part of cancel culture or a fear of confrontation.
NEW Podcast🎧  Dr. Everett Piper joined #SheThinks with Beverly Hallberg to explain the state of free speech in America, including censorship in academia and the dangers of cancel culture.  #NoSafeSpaces #CancelCulture #HigherEd #FreeSpeech   
What's good, party people🙏  This week  &amp;  sit down with the hilarious &amp; insightful  to talk cancel culture, roasting Trump, &amp; so much more  💻:    🎧:   
Cancel culture is getting out of hand
Punk band Big Joanie spoke to gal-dem about activism, cancel culture and using their platform for good      
Kanye v. Cancel Culture: No matter what the rapper says or does, unforgiving scolds lie in wait.      
'Cancel culture' points to a worrying trend   
'Cancel culture' may be popular but it is a worrying trend   
In the height of “cancel culture” how have we not canceled racism yet?
Yes CCTV has cut Arsenal games, but I can't see a wave of cancel culture coming the same way to #China as it did with the NBA.  Xi Jinping himself is too big an international footie fan.  And domestic football really is that bad.   
WATCH sister  talk controversy and cancel culture.   
  I went way too long on it for the "cancel culture" stuff but this is one example of a million    
Conservatives decry cancel culture but they are the only ones to actually “cancel” anyone—Kaepernick.
Hope is the inverse of cancel culture | Opinion   
Rod Serling was brilliant. He found ways around network censorship with his fantasy series #TheTwilightZone.  “It’s a good life” is perfect allegory for today too. The boy represents the cancel culture &amp; biased media.  Obey or get wished into cornfield    
 But the future is gonna be a hoot when we look back at the grandomanical woke revolution. An Era of  Entitlement, Cancel-culture, eco-anxiety, exhibitionist rage, activism of 'make believe' masquerading as science (as    shows in #TheMadnessOfCrowds)
NEW #SheThinks🎧   joined  to explain the state of free speech in America, including censorship in academia and the dangers of cancel culture.  Keep listening ➡️      #NoSafeSpaces #CancelCulture #HigherEd #FreeSpeech
       Well then that should be a win for the opposition of #CancelCulture
Cancel culture is supposed to be black and white - except when feelings get involved, finds .    
Says the guy who branded me a "femcel" and convinced people I was a racist over a difference of opinion on Mortal Kombat 11. They're anti-cancel culture the way Jim Crow laws were pro-racial harmony!
I’m sorry but who takes a party limo to see Om at Pioneer Works? Where even is cancel culture when you need it?
    I mean Fry is in that orbit too, he's just not politically outspoken  He's made shitty transphobic jokes before - a lot - and he's said shit about SJWs and cancel culture
Wow the other side of cancel culture
The "OK" hand gesture has been around for ages and is used for 3's in basketball and many other things. Rushing to judge someone for doing it is a great representation of how ridiculous cancel culture is.
 Fedora dude's original tweet is deleted, but his tweets further down the thread reacting to others playing the circle game are still up.  Their cancel culture is getting cancelled.   
 we speak out against cancel culture going too far all the time, ironically corporate media is literally using cenks anti cancel culture takes on the harvard boys soccer team in 2016 to indicate that hes a misogynist.
See You At The Crossroads: Careers That Were Killed By Cancel Culture In 2019       
Pessoa de bem: Não se pode com o politicamente correcto. Isto da cancel culture é um perigo. Já leram aquela notícia de uma universidade nos EUA que...  Porta dos Fundos brinca com Jesus, como os Monty Python fizeram há 40 anos  Pessoa de bem: ACABO DE CANCELAR A NETFLIX
"I'm so canceled!" the multimillionaire says on numerous TV, podcasts, and interviews to promote their new project. "beware of cancel culture!"
“Cancel culture is not real — at least not in the way people think,” writes    
The bunch of rich people getting tons of attention warning us about the dangers of "cancel culture" are so out of touch.
  Sigh. Cancel culture doesn't exist. And it's a bummer to see a "feminist" push this line used to shame people with less power for speaking up.
   Cancel culture fueled by social media’s seemingly unquenchable thirst for instantaneous outrage rules the day now. It’s no place for even remotely intelligent dialogue at this point. Upside-maybe its demise forces more direct face-to-face interactions/conversations moving forward
 they literally used his criticisms against cancel culture to cancel him
Darryl Pinckney talks to  about his new book, the Obama years, and the rise of cancel culture. BUSTED IN NEW YORK AND OTHER ESSAYS is out now.      
Weekend Connections: The debate over cancel culture; Monroe County Sheriff Todd Baxter's perspective on the county's anti-harassment law; urbanism during Rochester winters; how student journalists suggest professional journalists reach their generation   
NEW #SheThinks🎧   joined  to explain the state of free speech in America, including censorship in academia and the dangers of cancel culture.  Keep listening ➡️      #NoSafeSpaces #CancelCulture #HigherEd #FreeSpeech
Kanye v. Cancel Culture: No matter what the rapper says or does, unforgiving scolds lie in wait.      
The embattled professor argues that students’ protests of his actions are an example of “cancel culture.”   
   so over this cancel culture. it’s a beautiful Disney princess and her prince. everything gotta be so technical. guess im not allowed to think it’s cute bc of my race?🤷🏻‍♀️
Alt-right white supremacists and ultra-woke liberals may be diametrically opposed when it comes to politics, but they do share a few things in common. They are both extreme, form echo chambers, and love bullying others on social media with cancel culture mobs.
  People don’t speak out about this because they’re scared of the backlash they too will receive. So this self-censorship allows cancel culture to become a reign of terror like McCarthyism on social media. It’s very authoritarian, lacking in due process, and scary for Americans.
  Cancel culture isn’t about finding bad guys and bringing them to justice. It’s about accomplishing a political objective and rewarding those who participate in the mass bullying with social media clout. Conservatives exploit this weakness in liberals like a Trojan horse.
 Please use your platform to speak out about how white supremacy and cancel culture can sometimes intersect—resulting in a strange convergence of forces between factions of woke liberals and bad faith alt-right actors.
 Cancel culture doesn't allow for it. Everyone wants black and white answers unfortunately. Short term satisfaction with the pitchfork and they move onto the next.
You been so loyal  , you worked so hard. But the cancel culture on your side of the political landscape is so ingrained in the DNA, the dems start eating their own.  This is the type of behavior that turns independents to vote TRUMP!
See You At The Crossroads: Careers That Were Killed By Cancel Culture In 2019   
Some of the worst stuff I've read today has been from the more notable cancel culture enthusiasts. Maybe that's not surprising.
Whether he makes controversial statements, supports Trump, or embraces religion, Kanye West will always be "cancelled." West knows it, too. As he told a recent interviewer, “I’ve been canceled before they had cancel culture.”    via 
   Hey "cancel culture", let the man express his opinion. It takes less energy to unfollow than it does to gripe about someone's opinion every time you see it expressed.
Consumers have weaponized social media to bolster the influence/power of the Court of Public Opinion. Cancel culture may be fickle but it’s far from fictional. Upset the right ppl on here and poof it’s a wrap for you.
 Evidence against the existence of cancel culture: Brooks, droning on for decades, often about cancel culture.
 "Cancel culture" is a made up phrase by people who don't think there should be consequences for offensive behavior. Sorry, in society when you use an offensive slur AND double down on it, it's not OK if everyone says "Oh well. No big deal." We're better than that. Or we should be
Not to mention Kanye was booked for Howard homecoming a few mere months ago, while also touring this joke of a gospel concert that y’all go to for Instagram.   Robert Sylvester Kelly.   I...cancel culture is a thing, but it’s not boundless. Clearly.
 wow this quiz is cancelled because cancel culture
 it's cancel culture but with incense.
“That part that’s feeling like communist China to me...is the forced apology.” —-  on cancel culture and wrongthink:      
cANcEl cUlTuRE rUn aMoK
Woken up to some really hard news about my friend Caroline Flack. Who I love very very much. I will wait until I know the facts before I make a judgement, and I urge you to do the same. This cancel culture doesn’t help anyone. You weren’t there. You don’t know. That’s it.
.   hatred (like cancel culture on the whole) is a cheap and simplistic way to blame a single person for much larger and systemic problems with equally systemic solutions.   
#CancelCulture is Word of the Year, but why are the feelings around it rarely talked about?  asks.   
Is 'cancel culture' about to put TLC on a diet?   
NEW #SheThinks🎧   joined  to explain the state of free speech in America, including censorship in academia and the dangers of cancel culture.  Keep listening ➡️      #NoSafeSpaces #CancelCulture #HigherEd #FreeSpeech
Peloton! Sick of hearing about it yet? Stick with me.  Outrage from the ad by the #cancelculture snots was misguided. They should have been “offended” by something else entirely… this ---&gt;    #FireThemNowBook #marketingmistakes #peloton 
#CancelCulture is supposed to be black and white - except when feelings get involved, finds .   
“Cancel culture is not real — at least not in the way people think,” writes    
Gotta have more of these if we're going to turn the tide on #CancelCulture   
(Cancel culture doesn’t exist)
The embattled professor argues that students’ protests of his actions are an example of “cancel culture.”   
 Democracy won. Anti-Semites, Democracy deniers and ‘cancel culture’ lost.
Trump, Brexit, the election tonight in UK prove that messages of division and fear are working. But to me the antidote isn’t talking down or judging those we disagree with by using cancel culture- we should offer solutions to daily problems and focus on what we have in common
 Yes sir; fully aware that cancel culture stems from the bogus moral superiority that comes from judging others mostly based on their worst day or their worst quality
Kanye v. Cancel Culture: No matter what the rapper says or does, unforgiving scolds lie in wait.      
bad takes about lemonade are why we need cancel culture send tweet
'Cancel culture has found a new target to be offended by, someone who literally can’t help what they say'  Op-ed by Sophia Narwitz       
Imagine if cancel culture discovers fake DMCA requests. Imagine.
Michelle Wolf had the only riff on cancel culture I saw this year that didn't make me want to escape the entire room.
 I just hate we've lost the ability to have grown up discussions without so many hurt feelings. And I'm not a fan of the cancel culture.
Sometimes "cancel culture" is a good thing--&gt;It’s Time to Cancel the Ugly Christmas Sweater    #CancelCulture #Christmas
“Weinstein, accused of offenses ranging from sexual harassment to rape, won't have to admit wrongdoing or pay his own money.”  Tell me again about cancel culture?
 Nothing about this article spoke about “the law.” There are plenty of behaviors that snot not legally prosecuted and are STILL subject to cancelation. No, I never said I’m tired of cancel culture. Some people and things should have BEEN canceled
Comedian Adam Carolla is featured in the documentary No Safe Spaces which explores the culture war. Adam discusses the doc and cancel culture on a new #FilmThreatPodcast. Hilarity ensues. #NoSafeSpaces      
Honestly maybe we should just cancel culture
Pushing the physical limits of cancel culture   
It's time to cancel comedians who whine about cancel culture      
ICYMI on Connections: Debating cancel culture      
My abuser has choked and raped women but I'm the one who got ostracized. I'm the one suffering. He keeps the support. I get the bullying, job loss, and isolation.  Fuck your statements on cancel culture.
Cancel culture is emulated from “an ethic of white supremacy,” says Jay-Z scholar   
tfw #youtubeisoverparty is trending, but at the end of the day, the site-wide analytics won't show 1/10th of 1% less viewership than any other day. demand specific changes, like proper COPPA settings for creators, and transparency, rather than encouraging pointless cancel culture   
Today on Connections:   12:00: Debating cancel culture  1:00: Discussing Monroe County's "anti-annoyance" law       
In 2019, the question “has cancel culture gone too far?” was seriously posed by many, even as multiple men implicated in #MeToo allegations prepared comebacks — or never stopped working to begin with.   
If the cancel culture existed the Obama's would be pariahs. Here she is saying she has the same values as a man that is the cause of 100s of thousands if deaths.   
i hold these two things to be true: cancel culture isn't real and also, i feel in my bones that a storm is brewing and baby yoda is *way* overdue for a canceling
Cancel culture wins again. What a bunch of babies.
This pernicious cancel culture is going way too far . . .
“Cancel culture is not real — at least not in the way people think,” writes    
Cancel culture doesn't exist - all your favs still bounce back and stay trash.  What does exist is the rising frustration that marginalized ppl feel when time &amp; time again those with power &amp; influence say &amp; do shit that harms them without any real attempts to ever make it right.
What if we tried less whining about "cancel culture" and more practicing of responsibility culture?
something lost in the whole “cancel culture” debate is that yes, people can learn &amp; change. but they have to actually do it. and part of that is accepting that for a while you just have to listen to all the people who are mad at you and they don’t have to immediately forgive you
 Damage controlled.  If conservatives ever really took on Hollywood, they'd change. But we're too sensitive about participating in cancel culture.  I'm not one who likes cancel culture, but a little boycott every now and then would be nice.
Thank you . Don't bow to cancel culture! #ArtIsArt #Joker #GoldenGlobes
Brilliantly said Mustafa. #Cancelculture.  We have mendacious groups in the U.K. doing this and whipping up anger against progressive Muslims who dare to question archaic constructs or who dare to question the ‘angry culture’ of victimhood being created.
Michelle Wolf's new special is out on Netflix today! I had an enlightening conversation with her about the real dynamics behind "cancel culture" and how to touch on political/social topics in comedy while still always finding the punchline   
. shares his thoughts on cyber bullying and 'cancel culture' on social media platforms:"if you don't have anything nice to say... well, just keep your mouth shut." 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽   
I fear the way we’ve been operating on social media, with cancel culture and sensationalism, we’ve lost sight of what’s truly important—the hard evidence. No matter how much we yell and scream or get lawyers to yell and scream, only the evidence matters and Trump is blocking it.
“I can excuse racism. But I draw the line at animal cruelty.” wtf 🤷‍♀️    as long as you’ve forgiven yourself, keep it moving.  Cancel culture sucks, since none of us are in jeopardy of mastering life. But, it exists everywhere.  As  says, “Still Nigga.”  Stay up!
These people aren't concerned with cancel culture. They're concerned with not getting a clean slate and instead having to actually work to earn back social standing.
No, the most disingenuous argument is people whining about "Cancel Culture" while DAN CARCILLO leads the charge.
We sat down with  to talk cancel culture, gruesome nature documentaries, and why people should be better at taking a joke       
 And cancel culture.
Ik vermoed dat  nu afgeeft (al dan niet publiekelijk) op ‘cancel culture’ maar als ze gewoon in een van de tig eerdere gelegenheden alsnog het juiste hadden gedaan was dit niet blijven dooretteren.
“Cancel culture is not real — at least not in the way people think,” writes    
CNN celebrates cancel culture. Don’t forget the allegations against Don Lemon.
Will I get cancelled for making a song about cancel culture? Find out this week!   
One suspects part of the reason there hasn't been more protest/outrage against China on the left (as there was against, say, South Africa) is a grudging admiration for their robust cancel culture.
Which is worse: personal essays, astrology, or cancel culture itself?      
Margaret Cho Talks Cancel Culture, Tarantino, and "Fresh Off the Bloat"    
  It's 100% about "cancel culture"
 Insert cancel culture joke here
Among them are pop-up shops, cancel culture and the ever-present "OK Boomer" retort on social media   
 Cancel culture was killed by babe dot net
Quick to point out faults, slow to acknowledge our own. Did I sum up cancel-culture correctly?
  Yeah...it feels like this whole hashtag is just an effort to troll “cancel culture” like we’re all stuck in a middle aged white comic’s act.
 If folks want to change things, that's fine, change.. But they also need to accept that the man is 80 and is filming with people of his generation, that see it differently.  Offended cancel culture is a very very dark path into tyranny.
Thanks for all the buzz ya cancel culture stinkbots.  #stink   
Ouch. Cancel culture is brutal. #ash19   
cancel culture run amok once again   
Cancel culture needs to be cancelled! And I believe in making fun of myself and creating dialogue! Its my life not yours!    
💎TheRavenEffect Podcast 💎 We discuss stupid cancel culture &amp; how letting the schmucks make their stupid, ignorant points actually buries their case...   Link:                  #MondayMotivation   
 Between the GOP corruption and the Progressive cancel culture politics and the number of people who will tweet but never vote—I'm not sure it will be close.
As cancel culture gained traction in 2019, so did the number of people who were canceled   
What a greedy, slimeball firm like McKinsey &amp; Co. tells us about ‘the cancel culture’ | Will Bunch    via 
Cancel culture is real!!!!
   The article itself is written from a feminist perspective! And you really do seem to have missed its central point completely, which has nothing to do with cancel culture and everything to do with the latent sexism of some of the critiques of the ad
It’s a jungle out there – online, that is. As cancel culture reigns supreme and keyboard warriors have the power to ruin reputations, Salon Services have shared some crucial advice on how to deal with negative reviews…exclusively on SELF/STYLED:      
1/5 The demonization of  after her interview with #TrevorNcube revealed she has big issues with the same #MnangagwaRegime she was part of after the Nov 2017 coup is wrong. Sadly, the "democratic movement" in Zim is its own worst enemy with a suicidal CANCEL CULTURE!
9 things from 2019 we need to cancel in 2020, from cancel culture to the #humblebrag      
&gt;"there's no such thing as cancel culture"   
Allen blasted the 'thought police' as well. #CancelCulture #Celebrity #Culture #Entertainment #politicalcorrectness #TheView #TimAllen   
Cancel culture was cancelled this year.
As cancel culture gained traction in 2019, so did the number of people who were canceled. Here's a list of just some of the people who were canceled, or faced cancellation, in 2019.   
 In this new age cancel culture everything is offensive bs that we live in now, this is “technically offensive”  In REAL LIFE this girl can do whatever the fuck she wants with her hair and it’s no ones god damn business! she ain’t appropriating shit, NO ONE OWNS HAIR STYLES!
"These people are not evil people." Robin Lehner on cancel culture, mental health education and second chances. Written by .   
“Cancel culture is not real — at least not in the way people think,” writes    
"cancel culture" is really only effective if you're black, let's be clear  if you're a white dude who literally rapes women, you get contracts with $40mil signing bonuses.
Both sides have rallying cries:  “Intolerant of intolerance”  “Cancel cancel culture”  Both oxymorons &amp; linguistic contradictions  What they’re ultimately about is safety — ppl don’t want to be discriminated against. Ppl don’t want to be purged from society without due process
Among them are pop-up shops, cancel culture and the ever-present “OK Boomer” retort on social media. With much ado about something, here’s our annual Over It list of things that should remain in 2019.   
2019 was the year of "OK Boomer" and "cancel culture." Let's hope we all leave these trends behind in 2020.   
Really enjoying White by  and his take on the how social media and middlebrow liberal cancel culture have had a numbing effect on art and our humanity.   Hey Bret, feel free to be REALLY disruptive and be a guest on Russian-goverment-funded !
What a greedy, slimeball firm like McKinsey &amp; Co. tells us about ‘the cancel culture’    
My act of defiance in this outrage cancel culture is to give love to ‘problematic’ celebrities. They’re human beings who were born from a mother just like you. You want to hate someone for doing something you disagree with? See how that hatred affects you and doesn’t touch them.
55 year old black lady just hit me with the “Look at your jacket... that’s different.”   This is the only cancel culture I recognize. Devastating.
 Glad you jumped right to the buzzword of “cancel” culture instead of acknowledging that it’s a massively damaging and unfair worldview.
What a greedy, slimeball firm like McKinsey &amp; Co. tells us about ‘the cancel culture’ | Will Bunch   
Daily News |  What a greedy, slimeball firm like McKinsey &amp; Co. tells us about ‘the cancel culture’ | Will Bunch   
My friend just tried to tell me  is funnier than . I told her #cancelculture is coming for her.   Who is right?!
   Cancel culture?   You’re insulting me and you’ve insulted my crew.  That’s not a difference of opinion, man.
US Ambassador who cancelled a talk from someone she deemed insufficiently pro-Trump not a huge fan of cancel culture, it turns out.  Great thread:
.' impeachment drive represents the ultimate in cancel culture.  When I was in the GOP House during President Obama's term, we made progress with him rather than trying to overturn his election.  Friend  spoke with me recently:   
Is this just another case of cancel culture gone too far?   
❌CANCELLED ❌   gives you his guide to Cancel Culture.  Listen to Tom Neenan is Not All Men on BBC Sounds 🎧      
Thread. This #CancelCulture has gotten out of hand
  The account is amazing. A serving US ambassador retweeting partisan attacks and conspiratorial fantasies from sites like Breitbart and Project Veritas. And yes, the ambassador who cancelled is indeed appalled by cancel culture. I didn't thread the links last night, so here goes
Then it occurred to me: I bet the ambassador who cancelled the talk -  - is very worried about "cancel culture" on campus. She maintains a personal account  So I went and took a look yesterday
Comedian Dan Soder, who is best known by many for playing Mafee on the Showtime series Billions, is just starting to get his first taste of mainstream success and the “cancel culture” risks that come with it.   
   That this is what the national broadcaster thinks is funny and normal. Is this hard for you to follow? Do you really imagine that being opposed to cancel culture means one must never comment on matters of taste?
In cancel culture of yore, temperance activists apparently pressured Currier &amp; Ives to remove glasses, etc., of Madeira out of George Washington’s hand in a lithograph for the American centennial.
The US ambassador to Denmark who cancelled a talk by a scholar insufficiently pro-Trump is very worried about the politically correct cancel culture on campuses   
‘These people are not evil people’  Former Sens goalie Robin Lehner on cancel culture, mental health education and second chances.   From :   
Cancel culture, cleanskin, hedonometer … I’m not sure I like any of Macquarie Dictionary’s words of the year. #UQ's Roslyn Petelin on . .       
“Cancel culture is not real — at least not in the way people think,” writes    
The psychological forces that make cancel culture so appealing   
Cancel culture may work on vulnerable minorities who can’t mount a defense against bloodthirsty online mobs, but it will not work against a corrupt but powerful President of the United States with the GOP Senate and many judges on his side. Only hard evidence will bring him down.
 I knew I would get hate for this brave and controversial tweet. That’s cancel culture for you! #JingleBellDiscourse
 Depends on the situation— cancel culture can be amazing but some people are aimlessly looking for fame, trying to cancel the wrong people and taking attention away from real victims
Cancel culture is emulated from “an ethic of white supremacy,” says Jay-Z scholar   
Could 2020 be the year we say goodbye to humble brags, cancel culture and the "OK Boomer" retort? The Associated Press has called out a bunch of cliches that it hopes are retired.   
Cancel culture, influencers, email read receipts: Are these things we should leave in 2019?   
Cancel culture is emulated from “an ethic of white supremacy,” says Jay-Z scholar   
Wieso spielen eigentlich alle immer noch dieses Weihnachtslied von Bing Crosby!  Der Mann ist im Knast, und das völlig zurecht! #CancelCulture
Macquarie Dictionary's "word of the year" for 2019 is "cancel culture"      
 People are treating this like a standard cancel culture takedown the media loves so much. That may work on vulnerable people of color and minorities who get wrecked by mindless mobs who want blood more than evidence, but it doesn’t work on the evil President of the United States.
The New L Word will be the ultimate test of queer cancel culture.   
Cancel culture, please cancel Christmas.   
Find out the definition of “cancel culture”     
2019 might be almost over, but cancel culture isn't!! 🙄Lady Gaga fans are coming for Billie Eilish now:  
 It’s the cancel culture, dude. So negative and quick to throw everything and everyone under the bus.
Democrats have become so woke that they’re now accusing their own party of “white supremacy” for having a mostly white field of candidates.  At some point, Cancel Culture is going to cancel itself.   
Is this just another case of cancel culture gone too far?   
Cancel culture knows no bounds (via )   
Thinking about apologies, in general, during the current times  we live in - the #metoo era, cancel culture era. Many apologies read as insincere + performative to me, bc I don't think the wrongdoers believe they did anything wrong, or *that* wrong.
‘These people are not evil people’  Former Sens goalie Robin Lehner on cancel culture, mental health education and second chances.   From :   
Analysis: let's cancel cancel culture in 2020, and the humblebrag, too      
"Cancel culture" or not if there is an issue that is causing a certain group of people to feel uneasy or unsafe about going to your tournament then you as a TO (or the you as a community member of that tournament) should want to remedy said issues.
Also, regular reminder that cancel culture has no power if organizations and people can just grow more of a spine. The Sanders campaign, if they believed in their staffer's integrity/change of heart, could have just kept the guy instead of kowtowing. I mean, really, guys.
My actual opinion is that cancel culture does suck and of course people deserve the opportunity to learn and grow! but  if you take a moment, it is really REALLY easy to tell who is willing to grow and who has a vested interest in, and history of, being hateful both online &amp; off
How come when folks talk about cancel culture, they never talk about Jeremiah Wright and how so many people went along with it?
"While we take to Twitter at the watch parties, we should challenge where cancel culture and more-social-justice-minded-than-thou sentiments run too deep and freely," writes Bex Mui.     
People will really get banned for 2 months (LMFAO 2 WHOLE MONTHS wow I can't imagine not attending a tourney in 2 months, oh wait, that's about how many tourneys I can take the time off to attend anyway) and bigots will say that cancel culture has gone too far  CANCEL CULTURE LOL
  Legit can’t hack this cancel culture 🤦‍♂️
Let’s cancel cancel culture in 2020, and the humblebrag, too   
HEADLINES: Let's cancel cancel culture in 2020, and the humblebrag, too   
Just bought my wife a new dishwasher for Christmas, it will be installed Tuesday.  But before that I'm patiently waiting for cancel culture to come take me out...
The  supports cancel culture. Terrible.   
Cancel culture has reached galaxies far far away
Is this just another case of cancel culture gone too far?   
“Cancel culture is not real — at least not in the way people think,” writes    
Dear Cancel Culture,  CTFD.    
Cancel culture, cleanskin, hedonometer … I’m not sure I like any of Macquarie Dictionary’s words of the year. #UQ's Roslyn Petelin on . .       
sucks that "cancel culture" has become another ironically contested, culture wars-y term so whatever but I think bojack horseman's take on "what does it mean to be good" is the perfect rejoinder to cancel culture
 Man, the stories I could tell from my years in hockey. I’m tired of cancel culture in general.
The only thing more disgusting than cancel culture is Gaga’s meat dress. Facts. Sorry I’m late
do you think conservatives will ever notice that cancel culture and the #metoo movement are among the best modern expressions of free market capitalism?
I recently asked you guys about “Cancel Culture”… had never heard of it before. 😳  Listened a lot. 👂🏻 Researched a lot. 📖  Then made this video ⤵️   
#cancelculture is here to stay.   
The only reason I really hate “cancel culture” is that it works under the assumption that humans are without fault - or should be. A joke. If someone has moved on, changed, shown that they are regretful - let it go. HAVING SAID THAT, there are some big “cancellable” offenses -
  thank you. I knew someone from Gavelston would get it.   I don’t believe in cancel culture but  should be cancelled for this
It’s Funny How The Cancel Culture Adults Dont F*ck Wit R Kelly Anymore But If U Play Him In Front Of Older Folks They Turn Up To Him Still With No Debate lol
In 2019, the question “has cancel culture gone too far?” was seriously posed by many, even as multiple men implicated in #MeToo allegations prepared comebacks — or never stopped working to begin with.   
“I’ve been a bad person ... I got a second chance. I believe everybody needs a second chance,” Robin Lehner said as he discussed cancel culture, mental health education and more with .   
Cancel Culture spares no one--not even a thoroughly-respected professor who emphasizes his support for Democrats.  Our society edges towards civil war--based on the dark energy of a bitter and hateful minority amplified by cultural "elites."
    Agreed. Thx to cancel culture.   Which brings us back to - would be great if society saw it like eye and hair color...
 not political drama. Social Justice Warriors and Cancel Culture.  He was very specific about what kind of politics and whose, and how those things are negatives.  He could have said it any number of ways and I wouldn't have blinked. But he was very specific.
Why do leftists have the power to destroy the lives of innocent men?  Because cancel culture gave it to them.  Subscribe to get #TruthStraightUp here ▶️         
I am being viciously attacked by my so-called friends for being an unapologetic fan of "thank u, next," the album, in its entirety. the same "friends" who claim to be Mocha Grande Virgins. cancel culture is REAL
Kid Rock isn't going to let cancel culture stop him. He's promising his best album and tour ever #KidRock   
"These people are not evil people.”   Robin Lehner on cancel culture, mental health education and second chances |     
am i cancelled coz i hate cancel culture??
Cancel culture is stupid.  However, that Peloton commercial is completely ridiculous and deserves to be made fun of.  It’s also ok &amp; not sexist to buy a significant other a fitness gift.  My wife bought me a digital scale for Christmas last year.  I did not ask for it...  🤣
‘These people are not evil people’  Former Sens goalie Robin Lehner on cancel culture, mental health education and second chances.   From :   
6. Both  &amp;  are conflating Lincoln's strong principles &amp; willing to fight for the outcomes he wanted *through the political system* with today's left-wing incivility, with its heckler's vetoes, speech codes &amp; cancel culture.   
People; why do you think nothing in hockey will change?! The athletic: publishes a piece where Robin Lehner decries cancel culture in hockey (cancel culture = holding someone accountable)  Do you see now where I’m coming from?
I'm convinced sports gambling remains one of the only spaces in social media devoid of social justice warriors and cancel culture...and I'm beyond thankful for that
Robin Lehner on cancel culture, mental health education and second chances. From .    
New Laz &amp; Powers: ⁦⁩ &amp; I discuss Marc Crawford’s situation, what Robin Lehner had to say about cancel culture, the changes happening in hockey, accountability and more. Plus, we did talk hockey and the Blackhawks’ recent play.   
really bad timing but doc has told me to get off meat and coffee. i mean its christmas season. and winter. and meat and coffee is important.   im calling cancel culture on food restrictions.... 🎄
By the way most of you know how much I despise outrage &amp; cancel culture as well as passing judgement on work of others, but I simply cannot stay silent because this is such a huge problem for the league that is such a big part of my life
 Yeah I am at a loss to be honest. It's kinda meh? You're spot on about the outside the community/lifestyle. Prob a bit of 'cancel culture' ethos at play too. I mean I think there's prob a bit of retro fitting re: that share loss - they have other big issues.
A teenager defines Cancel Culture and explains how parents can help their teens navigate it.   
Start Up No.1203: why ‘cancel culture’ is a hit, fake news keeps on thriving, Egypt tries to kill the tuk-tuk, another Google messaging app!, and more      
“Cancel culture is not real — at least not in the way people think,” writes    
  I built my own thing and largely keep to myself. I don't go after folks unprompted, try to ruin them, chase their ability to earn, try to censor them. I treat people with respect and act silly.  But it still hurts. Betrayal and cancel culture are rough pills to swallow. Trust me.
The writer of the MJ musical's tryna cancel cancel culture 😳🧤    
  I love that the folks who decry cancel culture now want to cancel the impeachment from a joke that is just trying too hard rather than actually being insulting.
 A really courageous approach to this type of news ... especially in the current cancel culture. Would’ve been easy to take a lower road. This is good for all of sports IMO.
Humble irony is the opposite of cynical irony. Cancel culture is based on cynical irony. I think we need to recover/practice more humble irony.  (I thought I just made up cynical irony, but apparently Žižek wrote about it. Idk if we're talking about the same thing).
Wait, the super offensive thing is that Barron Trump’s name is a homophone for “baron?” And the people offended... spend the rest of the time moaning about “snowflakes” getting “triggered” amid “cancel culture?” Pardon me while I build the world’s biggest wanking motion device.
‘These people are not evil people’: Robin Lehner on cancel culture, mental health education and second chances. A conversation with :   
CNN never fired this bigot, which is cool, I don’t support cancel culture.   But always being this up when CNN bros talk about others’ tweets.   
Tales From the Teenage Cancel Culture   
If anyone wants Like actual analysis you can check mine out here. The only way to fix hockey is to support cancel culture, not cancel cancel culture.         
Abolishing “cancel culture” is literally the opposite of fixing hockey
The writer of the MJ musical's tryna cancel cancel culture 😳🧤    
Cancel culture has gotten out of hand   
‘These people are not evil people’  Former Sens goalie Robin Lehner on cancel culture, mental health education and second chances. From :   
Athletic subscribers: Robin Lehner on cancel culture, mental health education and second chances in a very thought-provoking conversation with ⁦⁩.    
they really want to blame Peloton getting dragged online on cancel culture and not the fact they made a stupid fucking ad   
New The Last Laugh podcast episode alert! Comedian  tackles cancel culture and "couch warriors": “People need to shut up more. And that includes me.”   
"I believe everyone deserves a second chance. Even if they’ve been bad people. I’ve been a bad person."   Robin Lehner on cancel culture, mental-health education, and where we go from here as a sport and as a society.  Full story, transcript and audio:      
I really hate the term "cancel culture" but I enjoyed this frank discussion about the prevailing story in the NHL right now between  and Robin Lehner. It includes the full audio as well.    
   That's not 'cancel culture' Shawn, it's choosing not to shout into the void.
Today I have been cold-pitched interviews with two different "media strategists" who have opinions about the Peloton ad they would like to share with "your readers." (One of them includes the words "cancel culture" in the pitch. Tempting!)
Robin Lehner and I chatted for about 30 minutes after practice today. He had a lot of thoughtful things to say about the Marc Crawford situation, cancel culture, and how we can best progress as a sport and a society. I'll have the full audio and the full transcription up soon.
“[Cancel culture] goes through all of our history. The gag rule during the period of enslavement, the black list, reconstruction, up to this very day where Trump routinely writes people off.” - Ta-Nehisi Coates  Extended interview:      
We are a nation based on evidence not opinions. Cancel culture may work on weak people of color but it does not work on powerful men like the President of the United States. If we want to take down Trump, we need the subpoenaed evidence directly involving him. #ImpeachingHearings
Have you heard about Macquarie Dictionary's word of the year? It's 'cancel culture'. Find out more on  with #UQ's Roslyn Petelin. Listen from 04:07.        
“Cancel culture is not real — at least not in the way people think,” writes    
People need to become more aware of how cultural Marxism/UN Globalism is being socially normed in the media. Now we've got immigrant populism and cultural inversion via Pride, Cancel Culture, Extinction Rebellion. Does it improve our overall quality of life?  #cdnpoli
 This was inspired by the cancel culture topic on the pod yesterday
   It's an old story w misquotes and fake outrage. Click bait. Still here, still working. Cancel culture was built by the current generation of misfits. One wrong word and they think they have victim status and they can attempt to hurt others because they are hurt. Tragic.
Before (or after) you VOTE for the People's Choice Word of the Year, take a peek behind the scenes with us as our committee selects the 2019 Committee's Choice, "cancel culture" and discusses the Honourable Mentions, "ngangkari", "eco-anxiety" and "thicc".      
 Cancel culture lives.
澳大利亚的《麦考瑞词典》评出的2019年度词汇是 cancel culture，是什么意思呢？  
Kenyan cancel culture is the funniest in the world
 yasss tini cancel them! #CancelCulture
World of the Year: Cancel Culture (noun): a whining sound made by  prominent commentariat members demanding the unfettered right to criticise whoever they like, however they like, when suddenly outraged that criticism could be directed towards them.
#BradPitt wants to cancel the "cancel culture." Wait, what?   
Congratulations  and your entire team.   An amazing feat to outlast  given the identity politics of cancel culture &amp; the  obstacles with the #DNC  My perfect ticket is still you as VP with  as POTUS.  I think you’d look great wearing the🧢
just a dude who bought his wife a Peloton. my god the stupid cancel culture has gotten way stupid.
  Cancel culture is a bad thing, SMK
The psychological forces that make cancel culture so appealing   
When technology, comedy, and cancel culture converge.   
Comedian  who is best known by many for playing Mafee on the Showtime series Billions, is just starting to get his first taste of mainstream success and the “cancel culture” risks that come with it   
Ideology is not truth.  Unless you're on the Left, of course.   Watch as  calls out snowflake protestors for embodying the spirit of cancel culture.  😂😂😂     
Macquarie Dictionary's "word of the year" for 2019 is "cancel culture"      
Indeed, as I've argued, no critic of 'PC,' 'cancel culture,' etc. has made a sound argument for why 'cancellation' is something other than the 'marketplace of ideas' performing its ideal function, to weed out crap ideas and reward better ones.
Introducing our December cover star, rapper Chika (), in custom  &amp; in conversation with designer Kerby Jean-Raymond () himself. Here, they discuss fame and cancel culture, being Black in America, and staying grounded. 🔥👉🏾      
It was a great resource for the average person who wasn’t a “dank memer” and introduced a lot of new people to memes. That whole scandal was a sad time for someone who was just starting to make their way in the YouTube world. Cancel culture is awful.
So you ‘can’t say anything on stage anymore because PC culture’ but it’s ‘hilarious’ that  gets things thrown at him and people want to censor him for joking about Brexit? Bet some of audience wanted to run to their safe space to spend time criticising cancel culture
 would be an excellent counter  panelist on  or   2represent silenced out-of-fear Canadians in debates with social justice or cancel culture advocates. Could get better ratings than agreement-panel shows. A different perspective
Ah vous me faites marrer avec votre pseudo cancel culture... L'instruction est même pas terminée, mais Luc Besson est déjà de retour... Rien de neuf sous le soleil de l'impunité patriarcale.......
Tonight seems like as good of a night as ever to remind people that as a trauma-informed educator in a non-punitive classroom in favor of said restorative justice practices in action...I'm not joining you in cancel culture. It doesn't fucking work. It's proven to not work.
The Macquarie Dictionary has named its 2019 Word of the Year - 'cancel culture'.  's  has illustrated the phenomenon.   Learn more:      
Have you heard about Macquarie Dictionary's word of the year? It's 'cancel culture'. Find out more on  with #UQ's Roslyn Petelin. Listen from 04:07.        
  Ugh. These abusers never get cancelled and yet all people talk about is cancel culture. Remember when Chris Brown hit Rihanna and he went on to...still have a music career?
Cancel culture is the Macquarie Dictionary's word of the year for 2019   
“取消文化（#CancelCulture）”是这个互联网时代越来越频繁出现的一种现象，一些明星或名人往往因一句话或一个行为而遭遇网友的“取消”甚至抵制，“消失在茫茫人海”。 要不要取消这种“取消文化”？还有很多争议。#MacquarieDictionary    
Jeff Garlin wants you to know that cancel culture is "not stopping good comedy."      
 Thank you for your feedback. Technically, 'cancel culture' a lexical item. Here is some more information on this    And if you don't agree, feel free to vote for the People's Choice   
Cancel culture, cleanskin, hedonometer … I’m not sure I like any of Macquarie Dictionary’s words of the year. #UQ's Roslyn Petelin on . .       
Newsflash, #CancelCulture isn't the problem-- is.
The Macquarie Dictionary has named its 2019 Word(s) of the Year - 'cancel culture'.  Other contenders were anecdata, big minutes, eco-anxiety, flight shaming, robodebt, thicc, and whataboutism.    
ABC Mornings host Virginia  on cancel culture, gender discrimination and updating her book 'Generation F: Why We Still Struggle with Sex and Power'    
Cancel culture is the Macquarie Dictionary's word of the year for 2019   
Free speech is no longer sacred among young journalists who have absorbed the campus lessons about “hate speech”—defined more and more broadly—and they’re breaking long-standing taboos as they bring “cancel culture” into professional newsrooms.    
Cancel Culture is Underrated
None of us is perfect.  All of us have made mistakes.  All of us have said and done stupid things that we regret.  Cancel culture ruins people's lives.  Subscribe to get #TruthStraightUp here ▶️         
Thicc, mukbang,and cancel culture... What was 2019's word of the year? #9Today   
This essay  wrote about how cancel culture isn't real for  is very good and spot on.   
Catching up on  Nah  #PeteDavidson is not afraid of nonexistent #CancelCulture He's protecting his new material. A lot of us beg people not to tape us for the same reason. It's like leaking a movie.
Macquarie Dictionary's "word of the year" for 2019 is "cancel culture"      
20 years after Boys Don’t Cry: trans rights and cancel culture. 💙 💜    
"What brands need to understand about cancel culture" - Brilliant #voice piece for  from 's .  Read it here:   
What Don Cherry, Canada's Archie Bunker, shows us about cancel culture   
Cancel culture is named Macquarie Dictionary's word of the year      
   Is cancel culture still a thing? Because I want to try it now with Nate
We must not be forced to live in lies and fear, yet cancel culture does just that to us.  Here's how ⤵️      
This week's #BeanCast #Marketing #Podcast has   and  discussing political influencer marketing, Hollywood's love of OOH, cancel culture pragmatism, ditching performance reviews, plus the #FairFailFoul.   
Cette semaine, les courageux étudiants de  se sont attaqués à un sujet difficile : la cancel-culture. Que signifie ce terme et pourquoi fait-il débat sur internet 👀?   À lire ici ↪️  
❌CANCELLED ❌   gives you his guide to Cancel Culture.  Listen to Tom Neenan is Not All Men on BBC Sounds 🎧     
Cancel culture is named Macquarie Dictionary's word of the year      
Cancel culture is named Macquarie Dictionary's word of the year      
"CANCEL CULTURE" 101: By all means, criticize the doctor caught on video berating and cursing a van operator. Condescension using foul language is unacceptable. But ask yourself this: Is revocation of his medical license, as some netizens demand, the appropriate punishment?
Cancel culture, cleanskin, hedonometer ... I'm not sure I like any of Macquarie Dictionary's words of the year    via 
"cancel culture" is Macquarie Dictionary's word of the year, no doubt sparking debate again about what a "word" is and why that phrase captures the zeitgeist in 2019.      
Cancel culture may be our Word of the Year, but you can decide on the People's Choice by voting here:   
This is just utterly staggering. These women deserve an apology and protection, not legal threats for speaking up about their mistreatment. Criticism is not cancel culture. Being asked to take responsibility for letting survivors down is not defamation.    
 I don't believe in Cancel Culture, but God I wanna cancel you so badly right now.
one of my (GAY!!) friends just asked me if he could wear *vans* and *jeans* to a business casual event  i think i support cancel culture now.
Guest Post: Campus Cancel Culture   
Remember when Kevin Hart was supposed to host the Oscars?  How about when Kyler Murray was attacked for tweets that were years old  Cancel culture took them hostage and stole their dreams.  Subscribe to get #TruthStraightUp here ▶️        
 And how the hell are you completely unaware of cancel culture. First day on the Internet?
The phenoninon of defensive linemen wildly overreacting to flinches on the offensive line in order to force officials to throw flags and call penalties— I consider it one more example of cancel culture over microagressions.
Commemorating Julius Caesar, the first victim of cancel culture.   
🚨 WORD OF THE YEAR 2019 🚨 Announcing the Macquarie Dictionary Committee's Choice Word of the Year as 🚫 CANCEL CULTURE 🚫! Find out why this word was chosen and our three Honourable Mentions and the rest of the shortlist on our website.      
If cancel culture actually existed, the Democratic front-runner for president of the United States and the Senate minority leader wouldn't have both voted for the Iraq War
“Cancel culture is not real — at least not in the way people think,” writes    
Today in cancel culture isn’t a thing - guess who came up with the basic plot of Queen &amp; Slim? Why that lying ass James Frey. Even Oprah couldn’t cancel him...   
What is cancel culture?  The desire to tear people down for no reason.   explains 👇🏻     
High school in small town America was hard enough in the late 80s.  I can't imagine what it's like with social media and cancel culture.
Cancel culture... A modern internet phenomenon where a person is ejected from influence or fame, caused by a critical mass of people quick to judge &amp; slow to question. Commonly caused by an accusation, whether that accusation has merit or not. #WWWGroovin      
Cancel culture can’t kill you.
   Dat dus. Dit gedrag is net zo stom als die linkse cancel culture.
  If ever there was a need for cancel culture, this is it
WATCH: Michael Knowles Slams ‘Cancel Culture’ As ‘Scourge’      
Of note: Tales From the Teenage Cancel Culture   
                  You snowflakes are really into the cancel culture right?? I thought you were the free speech warriors no your are bullies and cowards
America is based on the fact that men are not angels and shouldn't have too much power.  It's time to cancel "cancel culture."  Subscribe to get #TruthStraightUp here ▶️         
Tucker Carlson has a job because people still believe in the 1st amendment! A politician pushing cancel culture. You are everything that is wrong with this country. You and your party need to go take a long hard look in the mirror! #Trump2020
in which, pete admits comedy is about money and also he doesn't know how to take accountability for his own stupidity. i dont believe in cancel culture, but i stopped watching him and i'm seeing why again right now.... #snl is better off without him.   
 Cancel culture doesn't actually exist tho
“We have a world in which someone like me can become a story and send thousands of other human beings into heated arguments over nothing.” #socialmedia #cancelculture   
It’s a jungle out there – online, that is. As cancel culture reigns supreme and keyboard warriors have the power to ruin reputations, Salon Services have shared some crucial advice on how to deal with negative reviews…exclusively on SELF/STYLED:      
next phase of cancel culture seems to be everyone cancelling themselves
 Uncool and evil, in fact.    How do you feel about Cancel Culture?
my queen  talking about cancel culture and how toxic it has become... this is the side that people just don't get because they're too busy trying to "cancel" everyone. innocent, awesome creators that live in fear of being misinterpreted.   
I walked into my new neighborhood bar and I walk into two white men having a conversation about cancel culture.   So I guess you can say I love my new neighborhood lol
  He was Aladdin. But regardless if you want to fire people for errors in judgement 20 years prior, then I hope you lived a perfect life. It would seem you are letting your political view cloud your judgement. I didn't vote LB, but don't buy into cancel culture. It is unhealthy.
 I'm not a huge fan of cancel culture. However, as I'm sure you probably detailed in your post (which I will read after I send this) there is SO MUCH about it that is problematic.   PROBLEMATIC.
Has cancel culture (a real thing, for sure) finally gone too far?   
  í skjóli frá cancel culture
Cancelling CANCEL CULTURE. #ThingsImCanceling Grow up people.
“cancel culture”
The #CancelCulture is wreaking havoc on America...
On today's  podcast,  joins host  to discuss cancel culture and compassion, Thanksgiving, the 2020 elections, Rudy Giuliani and Ukraine, and the impeachment inquiry.       
A million frantic thinkpieces about conversations on twitter being "cancel culture" meanwhile:  DC Comics Deletes Batman Poster After Chinese Backlash     via 
In the digital age, the ability for individuals and companies to come back from a problematic situation is dwindling. The recent cancel culture movement online "takes away the option for them to learn from their mistakes and kind of alienates them."   
Fun fact: c'est signé du même Michel Guerrin auteur en février d'une affligeante chronique osant faire de la #LigueDuLOL une "affaire Weinstein française". Cette truffe découvre aujourd'hui la cancel culture dont il fut l'un des médiocres artisans. Mieux vaut tard...   
Gauguin «prédateur sexuel», Balthus «pédophile», Picasso «misogyne»... Les Etats-Unis sont gagnés par une «cancel culture», l’effacement des créateurs non convenables. Peut-on se confronter à une œuvre sans que le jugement soit parasité par la vertu?    
Pete Davidson is canceling cancel culture   
  Now now, the internet is no place for this kind of reason and logic. Be #Outraged and #CancelCulture with everything.   
As the NFL profits from #Thanksgiving night football, they continue to punish Colin Kaepernick for protesting injustice. To quote Ta-Nehisi Coates, “present objections to cancel culture are not so much concerned with the weapon, as the kind of people who now seek to wield it.”
💥 LIKE A WRECKING BALL 💥  "Cancel culture is the mutant spawn of political correctness."  😮      
What Barack Obama gets exactly right about our toxic “cancel” culture | Analysis by CNN’s Chris Cillizza      
The 4 steps of cancel culture:  1️⃣ Someone gets his dream job 2️⃣ Hate gremlins destroy his reputation 3️⃣ The Left expects, but refuses to accept, an apology 4️⃣ The victim loses his dream  #TruthStraightUp continues here ▶️         
Hey cancel culture -- Let's work together to cancel some annoying conversations that happen around the #Thanksgiving table. We'll start: wHeN ArE yOu FiNaLly gOiNg tO hAvE BaBiEs?!
YouTuber  reveals how 'cancel culture' affected him during Tati Westbrook beef.    
Cancel culture:  1️⃣ Stifles speech 2️⃣ Stifles thought 3️⃣ Encourages lies      
Cancel culture can’t be blamed for Buttigieg’s nonexistent black support  Op-ed by Graham Dockery    
  LMAO. Cancel culture at its finest.
Thank you for shedding light on the fallacy of filter bubbles and cancel culture on Twitter! Context matters. Let’s not unwittingly misread RTs without context and do what the internet did to . One woman cyber bullied is enough.
 I definitely feel bad for falling for the RT. Been thinking a lot about how social platforms become echo chambers of rage and cancel culture. Reading Jenny Odell’s commentary on what happened to journalist Sarah Jeong has been informative. Thanks for taking a stance.
Cancel culture has "turned into a catch-all for when people in power face consequences for their actions or receive any type of criticism, something that they’re not used to," writes    
cancel culture is fucking trash
 TBH it's why you have to drop stuff that's in the "cancel culture is a misnomer" area, as well as in the "this is absolutely not exclusive to any specific spaces" area  then post the MAGA people at Denny's
 Goddamn cancel-culture.
 It's everywhere #CancelCulture
 Cancel culture is one thing. Holding a guy accountable for an entire career of that shit is another.
FOX's Greg Gutfeld rips campus cancel culture after even 'SNL' comedian Pete Davidson swears off standup at colleges.   
"There is no political correctness or no #MeToo movement that’s stopping good comedy. So the idea that anyone thinks that it’s changed things is wrong." Jeff Garlin says "cancel culture" shouldn't affect the quality of the current comedy scene:      
Will cancel culture stop at nothing????
cAnCeL CuLTurE iS tOxIC
 I agree, but I also think the constant decry of cancel culture is hurtful to victims seeking justice in a world that is set up to protect people in powerful positions.
How "cancel culture" became a moment of grace:   
 Because some folks believe those who were caught up in the #MeToo movement don’t deserve a second chance (i.e., cancel culture), and it’s news to hear how those who disagree view the situation.
Who are the people that encourage cancel culture?  They are the people who don't want to listen to a thing they disagree with.  Much like these protestors ⬇️      
 Shift the topic to something less controversial, like impeachment or cancel culture or VSCO girls. And I oop!
Do you think the nazis at the Nuremberg Trials also decried cancel culture?
 Cancel culture gone amok.   
And this is why cancel culture should exist...not for  but for  and pretty much anything . The hell is this in 2019???!!!!
💭 "It's going to come up to the individual having the strength, like President  in acknowledging who he is and not apologizing for it."    💭 "I think people are tired of the perpetual apologies."    #CancelCulture #DemPrimary   
I disagree with his focus on who is complaining about "cancel culture" because, simply put, it shouldn't matter who's doing the canceling: it's wrong coming from on high or below. But the rest is vintage Ta-Nehisi.   
 Conspiracy theories keeps the machine running (not sure which one yr thinking about). The Panopticon is only worried about the machine. Obama was momentarily emulating the Panopticon when he was criticizing "woke" and "cancel culture"--he was trying to keep people in line
Like everything else, there’s racism and white privilege in cancel culture.  Love to  for standing up. ✊🏾❤️
THANK YOU. Cancel culture is not real. There hasn’t been one person who has been universally canceled.
I have surveyed the data and there is no such thing as cancel culture send tweet
Hab meine Ambivalenz gegenüber der sogenannten „Cancel Culture“ für die  durchargumentiert. Fazit: Es ist kompliziert    
Is cancel culture really as toxic as everyone says it is?  HINT: Yes.  #TruthStraightUp continues here ▶️         
#CancelCulture is alive and well on the internet, but should it be? Get 's take on this ongoing debate:      
. "(Buttigieg) picked up phone &amp; called the author of the story-He said, I want to listen to you, I want to explain. This cancel culture that picks a quote from 8 years ago, trying to make it an indictment is an unfortunate illustration of debates we have." #AMRstaff
How does one mute the term "cancel culture" on cable news
Misunderstood: #JamesCharles on Controversies and Cancel Culture   
"In 2019, my body became a walking cancel culture," writes KT Hawbaker.   
This is so stupid  Glad to see many people refusing to play 'cancel culture' in the replies to this  idgaf who they donate too
✔️ Coarser ✔️ Falser ✔️ Crueler   reveals the detrimental consequences of cancel culture on public discourse.  👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻     
cancel culture at it again
It seems like this should go unsaid but you’re telling on yourself if you’re blaming a white guy getting fired for using the n-word on "cancel culture"
People are making fun of Papa John because of that interview, but the dude got railroaded, smeared, and thrown under the bus by his own company. It's maybe one of the most egregious cases we've seen in the cancel culture. I feel bad for the guy.
We need to cancel the "cancel culture". The internet is becoming a dangerous place &amp; people are becoming ruthless. Some actually have popcorn watching Exposés of people's careers &amp; lives being ended online. Unhealthy &amp; vicious. #CancelCulture #cancelled
 IS CANCEL CULTURE CANCELED?
Cancel culture strikes again   
Kinda weird how Twitter is awash with cancel culture yet the two biggest memes this week have been casual racism expressed by food hot takes + shaming of vocations and education levels via Doctor on plane Dad jokes.
You probably don't want to hear this but cancel culture is a direct product of privilege and entitlement. You can't wholly condemn a person for a single action or opinion without being 1) convinced of the infallibility of your opinion, and 2) dismissive of the other's humanity.
 Cancel culture.
Cancel culture is ridiculous (and kind of annoying at this point), which is actually a good thing for brands, according to  at  in this op-ed:   
The ABA is at it again...who would have thought that the "Cancel Culture" would extend to highly-respected and exceptionally-qualified judicial nominees? This is NOT being a neutral arbitrator, this is partisan politics, plain and simple (and ugly!)    
A brief thread on Colin Kaepernick and cancel culture, in conversation with this Ta-Nehisi Coates oped:   
No, “cancel culture” hasn’t gone too far, says this writer.   By Sarah Hagi for  »      
There's no such thing as "cancel culture"    
So...when does the left disown  given that over the last 2 months he has:  *Criticized social media warriors "woke" cancel culture as being fake activists &amp; not helpful;  *Warned the Dems not to keep lurching to the far left; and  *Trashed  🤔
Incorrect. I identify against cancel culture Alex. And quite frankly when journalists are calling for words themselves to be cancelled I get pretty alarmed.
 This is cancel culture, pure and simple
Pretty sure I've been canceled on here a few times and I still don't think cancel culture is the problem.  I think people who think it is ok to let discrimination go unchecked are a bigger problem than the people canceling those people.
  a guy said racist things and then engineered a player's demotion for pointing out the inherent racism involved. that's not "cancel culture," whatever that even means at this point. it's a justified sacking because it's not the type of person you want representing your team
➡️ Kevin Hart ➡️ Kyler Murray  What do these men have in common?  They're both victims of cancel culture.  Get your #TruthStraightUp here ▶️         
"We're quickly getting to a point where cyberbullying, hating and cancel culture is getting stronger."    
Christina Adranly, Director of Strategy, IPG Media Lab, pens a piece in  on how brands should think about "cancel culture" and the importance of monitoring cultural conversations tied to business results. Click below to read the full piece!   
#MARKETING NEWS: What Brands Need to Understand About Cancel Culture    #socialmedia #advertising #influencermarketing   
A vulnerability easily exploited. Drag and cancel culture. No thinking required.
That Tucker Carlson still has a show would seem to be proof that cancel culture is a myth.
Watching elegant  welcoming #WhiteHouse Xmas Tree &amp; speaking vs #cyberbullying&amp;Helping kids be their best&amp;Speaking out on #opioidcrisis&amp; #FamilySeparations at Southern border, Why hasn’t she graced covers of Vogue-Bazaar-Elle etc like FLOTUS44? PC Politics? Cancel Culture?
#cancelculture. At 720,  workplace columnist  tells us about some of the on-the-job consequences of being caught up in it, and what you can do avoid it in the first place.
“Cancel culture is not real — at least not in the way people think,” writes    
 Nice buzzword. Your nonsense cancel culture "leftism" is not leftism and is ruining what used to be a solid working class movement. Move along.
Most of these examples are situations where people acted like jerks and then refused to apologize, which made other people then not want to hang out with them.  I realize people have fallen madly in love with this "cancel culture' idea, but that's a reach.
       Up next:  teams up with writer-producer  (THE FIRST WIVES CLUB) and  (DAWSON'S CREEK, ARROW) on CANCELED, a half-hour dark comedy on cancel culture.  "So many people who are cancelled end up profiting off of it." —   
Cancel culture has "turned into a catch-all for when people in power face consequences for their actions or receive any type of criticism, something that they’re not used to," writes    
 I just saw this. I DM’d you. It isn’t just about cancel culture to me at all. I know it’s not my place to forgive the pain he caused to a race and I was just trying to express that I saw people personally effected forgiving him so was wondering when is it enough to be able to be-
 I mean, anything that’s not him resigning or attending a LOT of sensitivity training is going to leave many people unsatisfied. And if he does leave, then some will scream ‘cancel culture’. Can’t win.
If the Quakes land Pulido, who just became the first Mexican to win the Liga MX scoring title in 8 years, a year after they signed Almeyda, who had just been named the best club coach in CONCACAF, cancel culture has finally come for our logic.
His use of "banishment" is so apt, bc we really think we can just erase. That's not how it works. Not just here too, but also w "cancel culture," and more. We'd never want it to happen to a loved one, even if they were similarly situated, but a stranger? We shirk. We shouldn't.
if Han hadn’t shot him, cancel culture would have inevitably gotten Greedo anyways
Kim Kardashian talks "era of cancel culture," says it's "not really a thing."   ➡️      
 I don’t get it lol. I just recently started watching the series and I really liked it and decided I wanted to support it. Like I legit cried watching it &amp; I never do that. I’m someone who thinks u can grow as a person from ur mistakes &amp; past beliefs 🤷🏻‍♀️ not a fan of cancel culture
 If cancel culture can’t stop this, I don’t know what can.
"Cancel culture" has a HUGE impact on the beauty industry today -- is it toxic or has redeemable qualities? Sound off below using #BlackGirlBeauty &amp; watch the full episode now on ’s YouTube!   
Before everybody jumps into dragging JLC because of her remarks, re: parents letting their young kids watch HALLOWEEN, take a moment and breathe. She's entitled to her opinions and allowed to feel that way. Not every thing needs to be cancel culture.
"...cancel culture is not new. A brief accounting of the illustrious and venerable ranks of blocked and dragged Americans encompasses Sarah Good, Elijah Lovejoy, Ida B. Wells, Dalton Trumbo, Paul Robeson and the Dixie Chicks."
I need cancel culture cancelling headphones
 Agreed. Toxic ass cancel culture get that out of here
cancel culture come for baby yoda challenge
💥 NEW VIDEO 💥   laughs as protesters prove his point about cancel culture by walking out of his lecture.  👉🏻        
Cancel culture comes for us all eventually. It’s ’s turn in the barrel.
Kim Kardashian talks "era of cancel culture," says it's "not really a thing."      
“Cancel Culture” Is Dangerous Because Everybody Deserves Redemption and the Right to Work, Except Actresses Who Turn 40 - McSweeney’s Internet Tendency   
This right here is the worst part of #CancelCulture: the people who tell you who you're allowed to be friends with because of personal politics.  If we never talked to people we disagreed with, we'd never learn anything and life would be extremely dull.
8) The people most likely to find fault w/ the 'death of truth' or 'pomo' academics or whatever--and to make convoluted pseudo-connections between those developments and 'PC' / 'cancel culture'--spend their time attacking the people best equipped to teach rigorous value judgment:
In The Age Of So-Called Cancel Culture, Jeffree Star Is Doing Fine   
1) So much discussion of 'cancel culture' is based on the same false binary as so much discussion of 'free speech': that completely rational negative value judgments about what someone says or does are necessarily permanent (hence 'cancellation').
FACT:  No one is perfect.  Everyone used to be young.  Everyone has said and done stupid things that he regrets.  That is why it's time for cancel culture to go.  #TruthStraightUp continues here ▶️         
The value of the black dollar in the beauty industry is REAL. Watch as the ladies of 's #BlackGirlBeauty break down black spending power and cancel culture, hosted by ! Watch the latest episode of VH1’s YouTube page:   
(I literally mean the spelling of the word, which should be “canceled.” This is not a tweet about cancel culture.)
“Cancel culture is not real — at least not in the way people think,” writes    
When the sovereign does it, cancel culture is sublime
A young person asked me if other eras had "cancel culture".   I answered during the 1950s it was called "blacklisting" and during the 1800s it was known as "murder."
Those refusing to dialogue will eventually have no one to talk with.   People are worth more than your opinion of them.  Quit the extremism. Stop cancel culture. Don’t label anyone. Listen more. Empathize often. Love always.
 bullying just transformed into cancel culture now and that shit is cringe af
The right wing and their cancel culture.   
If Andrew gets the cancel-culture treatment half of Canada's cities will have to redact at least a few streets, islands and schools names.
 “Cancel culture” replacing “political correctness” as a catch-all.
I can’t stop thinking about this tweet I saw in which a woman complained that her 3 adult children didn’t want anything to do her and she called that ...  “cancel culture”  💀
OPINION | Some groups are so scared of proving conservatives right about the Left’s own sick cancel culture that they are refusing to call out blatant hypocrisy and censorship, writes Andrew Bolt.   
Opinion: "Thus any sober assessment of this history must conclude that the present objections to cancel culture are not so much concerned with the weapon, as the kind of people who now seek to wield it."   
smh cancel culture   
mfw our sick new cancel culture works only because victims lack the guts to call it out   
 LOL.. In classic “cancel culture” I’ll be appearing next weekend and Anime Dallas!   
Obama cautions Democratic voters against embracing 'cancel culture'.    #2020Elections
Para pensarlo: "The new cancel culture is the product of a generation born into a world without obscuring myth (...) Nothing is legitimate — least of all those institutions charged with dispensing justice". Gran texto en el NYT   
 i mean isn't one of the bigger critiques of cancel culture that it only affects celebrities
   It just seems like our moral standards as a country are totally trashed. Trump gets away with anything he wants while cancel culture ravages everyone else for just sneezing the wrong way because we’re so frustrated we can’t hold Trump accountable for anything. It’s pathetic.
Cancel culture has reached its pinnacle      
Sometimes I’m afraid to say stuff on twitter because:  1) I (Morgs) may not have the appropriate social filter sometimes (Aspergers)  2) cancel culture can sometimes have no basis and be ruthless and quite scary
Our sick new cancel culture works only because victims lack the guts to call it out — particularly those of the Left, now being eaten by their own revolution, writes Andrew Bolt.    
Cancel Culture is out of control (attn )    
If we can't lay down our all-or-nothing, cancel culture, Bernie-or-bust purity that will not set aside its strident virtue in order to stand shoulder-to-shoulder against a formidable threat—we're going to find ourselves with no voice whatsoever.    
I can't work out whether "our sick new cancel culture" covers what happened to    and others. P.S. - I actually can work it out.    
Someone needs to write an op-ed chiding Forbes for perpetuating koala cancel culture
 He has apologised for the stop-and-frisk measures he supported.  I'm not saying he is perfect, he definitely has his faults. However, no one is perfect.  We need to move away from this 'cancel culture', and accept when people recognise their mistakes and try move forward.
"You French people don't get offended, you don't have cancel culture"- Ricky Gervais (en live à l'Olympia ce soir) n'a visiblement pas eu le memo !!
  I'm on the side of not boycotting things when we have issues that need to be addressed. I'm on the non-overreaction side of things. I'm on the side of productive engagement and not cancel culture politics... yeah, that side.
 Cancel culture is out of control
royal cancel culture
If this is cancel culture may I respectfully request to be canceled to the tune of an Amazon Studios first-look deal   
 Remember how there used to be consequences for words and actions? Like if someone said something terrible or was accused of a horrible crime people didn't want to hang around with them anymore? That's now called "cancel culture" and it's an injustice for some reason.
Just read a piece on “cancel culture”.   First time I’d heard of it. (I know, way behind probably)   Still don’t fully understand context.  Any easy definition...?
Now, we’re not doing birthday parties because of alleged human trafficking? Cancel culture has gotten out of control.  Okay, gimme a Netflix special.
“Thus any sober assessment of this history must conclude that the present objections to cancel culture are not so much concerned with the weapon, as the kind of people who now seek to wield it”   
Cancel culture:  The Left's way of destroying someone every time he says something they disagree with.  Here's why it's dangerous ⤵️  #TruthStraightUp continues here ▶️         
“Thus any sober assessment of this history must conclude that the present objections to cancel culture are not so much concerned with the weapon, as the kind of people who now seek to wield it.”
 Pls stop subscribing to cancel culture
An op-ed by Ta-Nehisi Coates on Colin Kaepernick, cancel culture and privilege:     This isn't about football.  Trust.   
Brilliant.   "Thus any sober assessment of this history must conclude that the present objections to cancel culture are not so much concerned with the weapon, as the kind of people who now seek to wield it."
all this talk about cancel culture but no one wants to talk about an influencer from nazareth who was really cancelled.   on a cross
Just a tiny note from cancel culture: people now privately sending me their cottage cheese breakfast pics in solidarity and also begging me not to post.
So true, including that "cancel culture" by the powerful has existed forever. i'd add the McCarthy era was cancel culture of prominent Hollywood figures, blacklisted, destroyed.  Ta-Nehisi Coates: The Cancellation of Colin Kaepernick   
"The new cancel culture is the product of a generation born into a world without obscuring myth...Nothing is sacred anymore...so, justice is seized by the crowd."  -as usual I completely agree with Ta-Nehisi Coates's entire piece.  me if you must.   
🙏🏽❤️ #nrcnacht #gesprek #basheijne #moniquesnoeijen #bubbels #liberalisme #debat #democratie #deplatforming #cancelculture #doelen #rotterdam  de Doelen   
Your Sunday morning must read. Ta-Nehisi Coates on The Cancellation of Colin Kaepernick: “Cancel culture” has always existed — for the powerful, at least. Now, social media has democratized it:   
Cancel Culture exist for this reason
 Yes that's exactly what I said in the tweet. Best to sic the cancel culture vultures on me
 Absent of actual strong examples and a cogent understanding of actual cancel culture, it seems you’re impeding the truth you’re seeking to find. Be good to yourself.
 3) I’m not sure you’re actually concerned with “cancel culture” if you’re confusing it for actual accountability for racist / sexist / ableist wrongs perpetuated by folx more powerful.
 1) I just read the article you sent. She leapt to the conclusion that someone won and was laughed at. How’s that cancel culture? 2) You’re equating ethnic studies, charter school firing, and a woman who was jeered. Still not following your logic.
 looking forward to Todd Phillips’ interview on how cancel culture ruined stopmotion animation
The truth is  the truth about cancel culture, Black people face financial consequences 4speaking truth 2power and the world is silent. A white person is publicly held accountable for racist or homophobic tweets and the world waves its finger at the people seeking accountability
Funny how when we talk about cancel culture, we never talk about stuff like this.      
These same people used to be all about free speech and the marketplace of ideas — until the "wrong ideas" started becoming ascendant. Then came boycotts, cancel culture, and shutting down "hate speech"
"The present objections to cancel culture are not so much concerned with the weapon, as the kind of people who now seek to wield it. Until recently, cancellation flowed exclusively downward, from the powerful to the powerless."
“The new cancel culture is the product of a generation born into a world without obscuring myth, where the great abuses, once only hinted at, suspected or uttered on street corners, are now tweeted out in full color.
“is precisely this kind of capricious and biased use of institutional power that has birthed the cancel culture practiced by campus protesters and online.      
“Cancel culture” has always existed — for the powerful, at least. Now, social media has democratized it.  By Ta-Nehisi Coates   
West (briefly commenting on cancel culture) calls "Brother Trump" a "gangster" and a "thug" but says he's a human being made in the image of God, so.
Ta-Nehisi Coates: The Cancellation of Colin Kaepernick...”Cancel culture” has always existed — for the powerful, at least. Now, social media has democratized it.   
The most thoughtful piece on "cancel culture" I've ever read. Refreshing to read an NYT Opinion piece that actually improves the national conversation instead of making it more toxic.   
Ta-Nehisi Coates on the democratization of cancellation: “The present objections to cancel culture are not so much concerned with the weapon, as the kind of people who now seek to wield it.”   
Great read on #CancelCulture by  If by the end of it the only thing you can do is debate whether or not Kaepernick’s arm is still good you are missing the point...big time!
In Opinion  Ta-Nehisi Coates writes, "The new cancel culture is the product of a generation born into a world without obscuring myth, where the great abuses, once only hinted at, suspected or uttered on street corners, are now tweeted out in full color."   
 I think maybe you're mixing this up with 1984. Neither of these (double speak or cancel culture) feature in Brave New World. In BNW everyone has a place in culture; those that do not live on reservations for savages. And there's no double speak — eugenics has taken care of that.
Ta-Nehisi Coates: “Cancel culture” has always existed — for the powerful, at least. Now, social media has democratized it.   
Ta-Nehisi Coates, writing in  about Colin Kaepernick: “Any sober assessment of this history must conclude that the present objections to cancel culture are not so much concerned with the weapon, as the kind of people who now seek to wield it.”   
“Thus any sober assessment of this history must conclude that the present objections to cancel culture are not so much concerned with the weapon, as the kind of people who now seek to wield it.”   
Cancel culture is the Left's way of destroying people they disagree with.  Get your #TruthStraightUp here ▶️         
Rebranding this tweet as Tocqueville on cancel culture.
In the age of 'cancel culture', are brands &amp; people given the chance to recovery? What does that mean for black owned beauty businesses? Find out on an all new  HERE:    | #BlackGirlBeauty   
We're breaking down 'cancel culture' and the effect of the "black beauty dollar" on this week's #BlackGirlBeauty. Will this trend be here forever &amp; how do people/brands rehabilitate after being "canceled"?   Watch the full episode NOW on 's YouTube:      
Ta-Nehisi Coates makes a good point: The right only objects to “cancel culture” when it’s being cancelled. It has no problem “cancelling” viewpoints it doesn’t like.    
 The piece I think agrees with your point and says the current situation is suboptimal, but I think also makes the important point that cancel culture has long existed, it was just a tool that previously only flowed downward.
“Thus any sober assessment of this history must conclude that the present objections to cancel culture are not so much concerned with the weapon, as the kind of people who now seek to wield it.” By Ta-Nehisi Coates    via 
Fascinating article for the social politics of our time. ‘Cancel culture’ is being democratized and power brokers are uncomfortable with that.    via 
Cancel culture is a myth  Cancel culture is a myth  Cancel culture is a myth  Cancel culture is a myth  Cancel culture is a myth  Cancel culture is a myth  Cancel culture is a myth  Cancel culture is a myth  Cancel culture is a myth  Cancel culture is a myth
"'Cancel culture' has always existed - for the powerful, at least. Now, social media has democratized it."    
People aren’t pissed about cancel culture. They’re scared that people have taken power into their own hands.  Ta-Nehisi Coates: The Cancellation of Colin Kaepernick      
 They also didn’t ask for a correction or produce depositions by their “numerous” witnesses. Tacky use of pop memes like “false news” &amp; “cancel culture” don’t help either.  I start w/an open mind but every time the men rage &amp; can’t atone &amp; make amends, they convict themselves.
“Thus any sober assessment of this history must conclude that the present objections to cancel culture are not so much concerned with the weapon, as the kind of people who now seek to wield it.”  Coates does it again.     #EduColor
THIS 👏👏👏 #Offended #CancelCulture   
TNC said he was “working on something about cancel culture” when he spoke at  earlier this week; the final stop on his book tour. This is it! I feel like I got an insider tip.   
Coates nails something important about #cancelculture, which is that it's not a good thing to have mobs on Twitter being jerks, but those mobs are also a *response* to the discriminatory use of power by existing political and corporate institutions.
“Cancel culture”
“Perhaps it is shocking for some to see the president endorse the cancellation of a pro football player ... but it is precisely this kind of capricious and biased use of institutional power that has birthed the cancel culture.”   
 I’m confused. How does Mr. Coates feel about cancel culture?
Now this is cancel culture I can get behind!
In recent weeks, he’s cautioned “woke” activists against embracing “cancel culture” and urged the party to not adopt positions that could cost them in the general election.   
“any sober assessment of this history must conclude that the present objections to cancel culture are not so much concerned with the weapon, as the kind of people who now seek to wield it.”
Ta-Nehisi Coates: The Cancellation of Colin Kaepernick “‘Cancel culture’ has always existed — for the powerful, at least. Now, social media has democratized it.”    
America loves “cancel culture” - as long as those being cancelled are black or brown, writes Ta-Nehisi Coates   
"the present objections to cancel culture are not so much concerned with the weapon, as the kind of people who now seek to wield it."  Precisely.    
“any sober assessment of history must conclude that the present objections to cancel culture are not so much concerned with the weapon, as the kind of people who now seek to wield it.” ⁦⁩    via 
"Thus any sober assessment of this history must conclude that the present objections to cancel culture are not so much concerned with the weapon, as the kind of people who now seek to wield it."   
Gormley: Calling all adults: cancel culture needs to stop      
 A lot of people whine about cancel culture, so I'm not sure what you mean either. So, we're even.
To the "cancel culture" crybabies.   Nobody owes you laughs.   Shock for shock's sake should be canceled.   And, if you're really pushing the envelope because you've got something to say that you feel needs to...   
"The present objections to cancel culture are not so much concerned with the weapon, as the kind of people who now seek to wield it"   
Must-read, incisive words from Ta-Nehisi Coates on Kaepernick and cancel culture:    via 
“Thus any sober assessment of this history must conclude that the present objections to cancel culture are not so much concerned with the weapon, as the kind of people who now seek to wield it.”  by Ta-Nehisi Coates for      
 Going to go through all your old tweets and write a blog post about why I'm too tough and cool for cancel culture but you need to be canceled.
This is excellent. If we're going to obsess over "cancel culture," let's at least acknowledge the most egregious and unjust instances of it.   
"But it is precisely this kind of capricious and biased use of institutional power that has birthed the cancel culture practiced by campus protesters and online."
"'Cancel culture' has always existed — for the powerful, at least. Now, social media has democratized it."   
NEW:  has created a campus landmark renaming "task force" following pressure from students to rename "problematic" historical campus sites. They apparently didn't take ' advice on cancel culture 🤔  
 Did Laura Kuenssberg just learn about cancel culture too? 😬
 This cancel culture has to end.
"Speaking on a panel about youth activism at an event held by his foundation, Obama appeared to condemn "call-out culture" also known as "cancel culture" on the internet"    
Cancel Culture Finds Its Next Victim: Baby Yoda
 Didn’t they abbreviate it to stop cancel culture?
It's time to cancel "cancel culture."   is here to reveal why it's detrimental to everyone ⬇️  #TruthStraightUp continues here ▶️        
Mine is the generation of massive outrage and little forgiveness.  Cancel culture, moral elitism, privilege of all kinds.  We say we want a more inclusive, compassionate world and yet forgiveness for those who’ve done wrong is sacreligious. Can’t be seen to be being sympathetic -
Yes. I’m triggered. Cancel Culture. Kony 2012.
Gormley: Calling all adults: cancel culture needs to stop      
Oh man, this frustrates (and sometimes puzzles) me so much.  In The Age Of So-Called Cancel Culture, Jeffree Star Is Doing Fine   via 
Knowing how to take a joke.. 👊🏾 A lost art for the cancel culture 💯   
Our cancel culture is the best cancel culture. We’re gonna cancel all that bad debt so folks get a fair shot to have a decent life.
White male privilege, #cancelculture, victim-blaming — has society changed at all since the #PreppyMurder? Join me for Season 5 of #TheTruthAboutTrueCrime. Available now.  iOS:    Android:    Spotify:      
please god let cancel culture come for the cybertruck so I can have a good weekend please do this for me
"Speaking on a panel about youth activism at an event held by his foundation, Obama appeared to condemn "call-out culture" also known as "cancel culture" on the internet"   
    Force Function : Tales From the Teenage Cancel Culture      c         
I mean real rap ? The opportunity to be racist and subtle and benefit from nothing “from call out/call in/cancel culture” work is that White Media Girls like the Chan trolls do better by being kind of racist and a lot white adjacent ones watch them do it
Obama on 'woke' cancel culture. Brilliant.   
White male privilege, "cancel culture" and victim-blaming — has society changed at all since the #PreppyMurder? Listen to the Season 5 finale of #TheTruthAboutTrueCrime with  for free on .      
In recent weeks Obama has sought to play both referee and uplifting elder statesman. He’s cautioned “woke” activists against embracing “cancel culture” and urged the party to not adopt positions that could cost them in the general election.   
"At the third annual Obama Foundation Summit in Chicago this week, former President Barack Obama made a forceful statement about “cancel culture.”"    #PoliticsIdeas #BarackObama #Cancelculture #Twitter   
Jagan scrapped Singapore-backed Amravati project. NCP-Sena-Congress govt may scrap Japan-backed bullet train project. India has a new #CancelCulture that will hurt.
Cannot agree more with this thread.  🙌 'It's not war. It's social change.'  Also whilst we are at it, can we CANCEL this Cancel culture.   #MeToo
‘As cancel culture and the PC police creep closer to high art, where are the critics prepared to stand up to the Twitter mobs to save everything we have loved for generations from a fire of political purity?’  Op-Ed by Alexander Adams    
“Cancel culture is not real — at least not in the way people think,” writes    
Did someone get caught eating Chick-fil-A ? Sad day.. #CancelCulture    
👏  isn't letting the idea of 'cancel culture' hold her back from speaking out about what she believes in.   
Cancel culture getting out of hand I saw someone try to cancel a Pokémon
     again. no one asked for her to have a “life sentence” i’m sorry your reading comprehension is so poor, but she was mentioned as an example of “cancel culture” not being real. reading into that statement and/or projecting other meaning onto it is certainly your choice tho
Having journalists express racism towards Asians without any sort of accountability while they cancel others with impunity on social and mainstream media feels like an abuse of power and true hypocrisy. Woke cancel culture has become the very injustice it pretends to eliminate.
 Hence the cancel culture-
cancel culture: cancel it.
In today's cancel culture, this is an honorable, tangible way of approaching a disgusting subject. Well done.
This is why I usually don't engage you dipshits in good faith -- if it walks like a red-pilled, misogynist dickhead &amp; talks like a red-pilled, misogynist dickhead it probably is one.  Me: Defend your position  You: whITe KNighT caNCel CulTUre BUllSHit SJw
 cancel culture is out of control!
How we dealt with comedy and cancel culture in the past. Joan Rivers   
nothing will ever be a better microcosm of "cancel culture" than someone making a docuseries with the largest subscription streaming service on the planet about the time 11 months ago when he voluntarily turned down a gig instead of apologizing
As part of our Conversation issue, we brought together artists   and  for a chat about criticism, cancel culture, and what it's like being funny for a living      
. explains why cancel culture isn't real: "While some powerful men may not have the status they once did, they have hardly been canceled"   
In the age of so-called cancel culture,  writes, YouTuber Jeffree Star is doing just fine.      
The cancel culture is alive and well —  apologizes for old tweets on the heels of blasting Charles Barkley for his hitting a woman joke. The moment couldn't be more timely.       
Saw someone eurostep the cancel culture in two moves this week. The Michael Jordan of Twitter.
   The Cancel Culture will have to wait to claim #CharlesBarkley. Despite uproar over his comments about hitting women, TNT's star NBA analyst will return to 'Inside the NBA' 2night, sources tell . Barkley apologized Wed. to  McCammond.   
In The Age Of So-Called Cancel Culture, Jeffree Star Is Doing Fine   
i guess france doesn't have “cancel culture,” huh
Cancel culture isn’t real. I hope all of you are aware of this by now.
But that's not all! Among the fine pieces in this jam-packed new issue:  on the fallacy of cancel culture    ...  on China's surveillance state    ...  on the Yeehaw Agenda   
There is no such thing as cancel culture
WE LIVE IN SUCH A F'ED UP SOCIETY -- Tales From the Teenage Cancel Culture   
The perils of cancel culture, as per  this morning...   
WATCH: Shapiro On Chick-Fil-A: ‘They Surrendered To Nasty, Censorious Cancel Culture’ #ICYMI      
  She’s back working for the same company 6 years later. So much for cancel culture
I feel like 2019 really exposed a lot of people for who they truly are. While I don’t believe in a “cancel culture,” I believe in moving on from those who aren’t living with integrity, and choose their ego over their soul regularly. Have love for all - but especially yourself.
“Cancel culture is not real — at least not in the way people think,” writes    
In the past month I've seen people, majority white women or light skinned women refer to accountability as "mob",  "Individual ignorant trolls" or "cancel culture".  Just stop it.
The same mercy and forgiveness that you ask for needs to be given. Cancel the cancel culture for 2020.
WATCH: Shapiro On Chick-Fil-A: ‘They Surrendered To Nasty, Censorious Cancel Culture’      
New! The Chicago Way podcast w  &amp;  Guests: Prof.  on Trump Impeachment Theater &amp; #CancelCulture. Did Jeff's uncle go to prison for Harry Truman? &amp;  on that big federal bus &amp; corrupt #Illinois politics. #twill   
 His acolytes and defenders may bitch about cancel culture but dude should have been cancelled a decade ago
Chris Brown and Aziz Ansari both nominated for Grammys today, so please tell me again all about how cancel culture and/or #Metoo are just ruining men’s lives forever.
  The media in general is extremely racist towards Asians. It feels like we are stereotyped and dehumanized all the time and we’re supposed to take it because we’re a small, toothless model minority. Cancel culture also disproportionately comes after Asian Americans.
🤣🤣🤣🤣 I'm not laughing at her comeuppance (she's young &amp; hell, we've all be put in our place at one point or another). I'm laughing at the ridiculousness of #cancelculture &amp; the double standards millennials have been raised with that are now coming for them.
 Agh. The problem with cancel culture on full display. Chuck was wrong. Alexi’s old tweets are bad. Maybe we should stop calling each other out on social media?
 I think we all take cancel culture way too far—leading to more bullying and injustice. Social media is a poor substitute for a court system. When a mob judges the innocence and virtue of others, we often unleash psychological violence en masse towards single targets. Let’s stop.
 I should also clarify that I wasn’t intending to point at religion, but my growing distaste for “cancel culture” and political mobs.
町山智浩の言霊USA 「Woke Culture, Cancel Culture（差別に敏感な文化、それをボイコットする文化）」下ネタのコメディを撮り続けてきたトッド・フィリップス監督がなぜコメディをやめたのか。「今のこのウォク・カルチャーのなかでコメディをやるのは大変だ」   
Imagining an alternate timeline in which jeffrey epstein was a comedian and therefore a victim of cancel culture
So much for “cancel culture” #GRAMMYNoms   
Joining  on  in minutes to talk #openbordersinc &amp; #bannedinboston cancel culture on both left &amp; right ==&gt;      
Michelle Malkin cites 'cancel culture' after Bentley University pulls plug on event   
So Charles Barkley apologizes for making an obviously distasteful joke and Axios reporter  doesn’t think he deserves forgiveness. But it’s ok for her to make racist jokes about Asians. Hypocritical and disgusting. Problem with woke/cancel culture, it always boomerangs back.   
I am happy to see an artistic movie succeed though, especially when all the cancel culture reviewers were trying their hardest to get people not to watch.
A female reporter calling out Charles Barkley for his 'joke' about hitting a woman isn't about cancel culture. It's about the consequences of his misogyny.    
Chick-fil-A backlash is nothing short of 'cancel culture' (opinion)    #11Alive
Hey  &amp; #CancelCulture take a look👇”calm thyself”
I won’t allow the #cancelculture crap on this twitter feed.  Any slamming or derogatory comments about other people- people you don’t know from a rock in the ground— will  find themselves blocked.
 if cancel culture ever gets around to dumb jokes, i'm toast
a member of the royal family being forced to step back from his official duties of doing literally nothing? has cancel culture gone TOO far?
Obama calls out 'woke' cancel culture: 'That's not activism'   
 Alexi, are you really sure the cancel culture route is one you want to go down when you have tweeted racial epithets that you just stealth deleted?        
I promise I tried to Google and failed: Where did the "gonna tell my grandchildren" thing come from??  (Please don't Okay Boomer me! If you do, it's cancel culture and also a form of the N-word.)
 Cancel culture is real in your class.
 This cancel culture shit is trash. 😂
 wtf i stan cancel culture now
 This is cancel culture Bradley
 Please take all these Cancel Culture WEIRDOS to another country so they can Ruin that one,, cuz they are killing this one,(This IS NOT a Joke)!lol
All you Cancel Culture weirdos,, please eat a Fresh Bag Of Dicks and leave our country and go Find Another one to Ruin!! This shit is ridiculous, (literally killing our Country)
 Oh no cancel culture
Cancel culture is metastasizing. No one is safe anymore, including yours truly.   
Cancel culture continues. #MalkinBannedInBoston - So if there are any conservative venue owners in Boston who want to host a talk on #openbordersinc this Friday, let me know.   
Michelle Malkin cites ‘cancel culture’ after Bentley University pulls plug on event   
One flaw in social media as a political medium--besides "cancel culture" blah blah--is that it doesn't really equip people to contend with or argue to people who aren't influenced by shaming or worry abut exclusion from a certain group.
Cancel culture except only for straight dudes talking loudly up the back of Baths shows
 a monolothic mindset repeating propaganda applying the cancel culture to desertors? looks like a kind of capture indeed.
„You’re offensive, we‘re perfect“. Cancel culture mobs have been around for a long time, Twitter just makes them more visible.    
 i thought you were against cancel culture.
                   No cancel culture means you take someone off of Twitter.  Such as Megan Murphy.
                   If you recall in Serbia; the Bosnian genocide that occured was preceded by a form of take down/call out/cancel culture. Nazi's did it to the Jews. Now white people are the new Jews. PC culture is mind control; a Neo-Marxist Psy-Op. Censorship is always followed by genocide.
                   Because you'll attempt to silence and bully them with cancel culture?
Today in shit we will not be doing? Is this . If I hear about cancel culture I’m dead punching you in the throat. So this woman WHO STRAIGHT LIED , told somebody else to lie , fakes testimony STILL GOT A DEAL. #metoo #timesup
I wish folks bothered by cancel culture were more bothered by Republicans cancelling constitutional democracy rn
 He was canceled before cancel culture was a thing, yep.
What happens when you mix a medieval mob with cancel culture? According to  and  it would probably go something like this: “You are hereby sentenced to be publicly canceled by having thy head smoked.”   
Free speech is no longer sacred among young journalists who have absorbed the campus lessons about “hate speech”—defined more and more broadly—and they’re breaking long-standing taboos as they bring “cancel culture” into professional newsrooms.   
   Why do y'all hate free speech?  Why don't you engage him directly in the marketplace of ideas rather than cultural marxist postmodern cancel culture?
It's possible I skimmed a sentence somewhere in the middle that I shouldn't have, but everything described in this piece on high school "cancel culture" seems benign, even healthy, to me.
Fabulous send-up of the cancel culture, as imagined in Medieval times. "Things we say right now might be offensive in the future." "You might be offending me in the future right now." "Cancel him!"      
"Rather than simply judging, we should strive for constructive, progress-producing conversations. Ideally, those conversations precede cancelation, hopefully  rendering it unnecessary." Our editorial board weighs in on cancel culture on and off campus.     
 They’ve been giving money to the real cancel culture for years.
"cancel culture" is a myth used to justify people's supposed right to say offensive things, talking about it as though it exists is one of the core issues with this piece
 "cancel culture" isn't real!!
Straight truth: I'm on Twitter a lot less than I once was because its become condemnatory to an alarming degree. Cancel culture is schoolyard bullshit on a new platform.
  It’s not “my people” that are currently furious about Chik-Fil-A change in philosophy. It’s the folks who rail against cancel culture  Oh and btw, I got cancelled by “your folks” too
SPLC &amp; company are cheering: Cancel culture comes to Boston. Last-minute bureaucratic excuse-making by Bentley University used as pretext to stifle discussion &amp; debate. Stay tuned. We will NOT be silenced. #openbordersinc   
 When it's someone he disagrees with, cancel culture is super ok.
dave rubin (who is gay himself) is canceling chic fil a because they "caved to cancel culture" and stopped donating to anti lgbt charities. this is your brain on conservatism.
 Cancel culture doesn’t exist. It’s a myth invented by white guys.
Comedian  is not about cancel culture: "If an Asian person is doing an Asian character, the accent is acceptable. If it’s who you are, it’s kind of OK. It’s very weird when people get agitated about it. But I had fun.”   
The left cancel culture which seeks to destroy people completely for their opinions usually comes back to bit them them in their own backside.
Ben Shapiro and Dave Rubin calling Chick Fil A's previous donations to homophobic organizations "resisting cancel culture" is hilarious (and a good example of why the term itself is a misnomer).
I'll be joining  at 12:30 today to talk about Don Cherry, cancel culture and Cherry's new podcast. Give it a listen on !   
Someone at the  is about to get fired for this actually hilarious and accurate satire video on cancel culture     
Hear ye, hear ye! A canceling cometh. (Or, what cancel culture looked like in the middle ages.)   
Ben Shapiro DESTROYS cancel culture   
 I think what we have here is cancel culture of the right. We're not really looking too deep into it, we're just kinda inferring something and then running with it.
Look (insert name) is engaging in cancel culture, let’s all cancel them. 😂  Does anybody see the irony? 🤦‍♀️
This continuation of “Cancel Culture” is a result of people seeking conformity and group think.
See What Halsey Had To Say About 'Cancel Culture' Affecting Her Career   
Chick-fil-a, the latest victim of ‘cancel culture’ and ‘censorious left’     
I'm not sure I want the right to get into this cancel culture thing.   Not only do I not see where it says Chick-fil-A will discontinue working with anti-LGBT groups, it just says they're becoming more focused on certain areas.   I think the anti-LGBT thing was inferred by CNBC.
 So you post about hating cancel culture while telling your dumbfuck followers to cancel Chick Fil-A.  You are the dumbest motherfucker on this planet.
There is so much hysteria masked as analysis from white journalists on ‘outrage’ culture, cancel culture, ‘tribalism’, etc etc it’s so boring and predictable and frankly so oblivious.
      I don’t at all think he should be “canceled” nor do I believe in “cancel culture” but to think it isn’t relevant to the conversation is dumb
Cancel culture seems to go hand-in-hand with social media. But is it really a new concept?   
Interesting. I would say that kitsch, as an aesthetic, doesn’t excuse you for being gay and taking a glamor shot at the Jewish Memorial. Kitsch is amoral by definition. But cancel culture is absurd, and it’s possible to exaggerate the offense. 🤷‍♂️ Anyone? Read the piece first, pls
What happens when you mix a medieval mob with cancel culture? According to  and  it would probably go something like this: “You are hereby sentenced to be publicly canceled by having thy head smoked.”      
Hates “cancel culture”. Cancels Chick-fil-A.  Laughs about “blue checks”. Has a blue check.  Another principled day for this guy.
Grace and forgiveness are superpowers. Especially for companies, nonprofits or individuals who have expressed true remorse.  But, you know... #CancelCulture
  Welcome to cancel culture.
I remember before cancel culture. The teens were all very nice to one another.
A boycott is you not doing something   Cancel culture is you forcing everyone to not do it either
 Cancel culture is forcing everyone else to stop using it too
Boycotting something is not the same thing as cancel culture
Cancel culture so fake lmao
I wrote more on  and the rage mob:      Keep in mind, regardless what the restaurant does, Christians proved that we can cancel cancel-culture (and do so with grace).
 At least the next time the NY Time features Rubin to talk about cancel culture, he will have earned it
Yes!! Stand up to cancel culture by (checks notes)… attempting to cancel a fast food joint. 🤯🤡
 I know. But take heart, because regardless of what they do, we proved cancel culture can be defeated.
. opened up on her thoughts about 'Cancel Culture.'   #Halsey #Graveyard    
  Its awesome you are going to protest cancel culture by boycotting an organization because they now give more money to homelessness and less to anti-lgbt groups.   
Doesn't the Conservative establishment realize that the left still won't vote for them no matter how much they disavow people?  Sure, you should call out bad ideologies and bad opinions. But you shouldn't participate in cancel culture. That is not conservative.
TFW you protest cancel culture by *checks notes* boycotting an organization who announces they will stop funding anti-LGBT groups
#Halsey opens up about her fears over "cancel culture" in the new    
conservatives be like:   i’m FURIOUS that Chik-Fil-A has caved into the toxic PC cancel culture of the triggered left! Never eating there again!
"I had been writing on the emergence on campus of what I call a regime of virtue. This was the first time I experienced it directly." -- Stanley Fish on "higher" education's cancel culture. #ViewpointDiversity
Isaiah Washington joined the podcast to discuss fighting back against cancel culture, the #WalkAway movement, attending a  event in celebration of criminal justice reform—plus more.   #BLEXIT #LRA #Podcast #CJR   
If you're tired of everyone being offended by what everyone else is saying, watch this video. It's a funny take on the Cancel Culture we're living in now. Here’s What Cancel Culture Looked Like in 1283   
I agree. Shame on cancel culture cowards who cave to the censorious Left. And Right.
CHRISTIAN ORGS ARE BEING ERASED FROM THE PUBLIC SQUARE BY LEFTIST CANCEL CULTURE. What's next? Individual Christians will be erased from the public square if they don't pass left-wing litmus tests, affirm liberal principles or donate to leftist groups.   
Here’s What Cancel Culture Looked Like in 1283    via  #montypython  would  be proud  
    I will try again; if "cancel culture" and social media represents a shift of power, it's worthwhile to remember that nobody who seeks power -- regardless of their good intentions -- can be trusted to wield it fairly or well.
  Wait...thought you hated cancel culture.
When grown men are upset about Cancel Culture, so upset... that they are now boycotting the Heterosexual Chicken Restaurant   
You see, it’s not cancel culture if the people doing the canceling are against cancel culture
    As for ‘cancel culture,’ he wrote a book against public shaming, and then MeToo happened. So yeah, I’m gonna ask him about that.
Cancel culture critic cancels culture.   
    What was the purpose of having Ronson on your show, exactly? Was it not to get him to concede that "cancel culture" is good, actually, and enjoy the fireworks if he didn't comply?
   Cancel culture run AMOK. The indecency! The melanin! The triumph of it all!
Mir und anderen wird vorgeworfen, wir würden ein Geschäft daraus machen: Ich glaube, das ist falsch. Speziell die Cancel Culture verdeutlicht den Lesern, dass sie sich nolens volens engagieren müssen, wenn er weiter eine andere Sichtweise haben wollen.
One of the best political reporters in the nation getting subjected to progressive cancel culture. The story writes itself in the Year of Our Lord 2019.
Ich glaube nicht, dass das wirklich funktioniert. Denn die Cancel Culture hat Medien wie Breitbart erst zu Rennern an Universitäten gemacht, zu einer Art Pornhub für politischen Fetischismus und Symbol für die Rebellion gegen den Mainstream.
Spannender Beitrag über die Cancel Culture an den Unis:   
PODCAST: The Cancel Culture Episode   
The decision makes absolutely no sense.  was actually cool because it stood up to the progressive mind virus which is cancel culture.   I’m not going back to that sad, dry, pathetic Burger King chicken sandwich. No way, no how.  Back to the home cooked frying pan...
“Cancel culture will stop when the extremists are gone, it’s not a slippery slope.”  Meanwhile, a chicken sandwich restaurant founded by Christian conservatives cancels the Salvation Army.
 Cancel culture toxic as hell
. opened up about 'cancel culture' and her career. #Halsey   
Read what  had to say about 'cancel culture' and her career here..     
Chick-Fil-A has survived and thrived because they served everyone AND refused to cater to the cancel culture. Now they’ve caved at the behest of the censorious Left. This is a terrible move and just the latest indicator that the center cannot hold.
A teenager defines Cancel Culture and explains how parents can help their teens navigate it.   
 Le petit peuple toujours à l'ombre des copies presse... Cancel culture...
👏  isn't letting the idea of 'cancel culture' hold her back from speaking out about what she believes in.   
‘Cancel Culture’ Is Canceled    #BarackObama #Cancelculture #Twitter #PoliticsIdeas   
Cancel culture gone a bit far
. opens up about her fears over "cancel culture" in the new    
PODCAST: The Cancel Culture Episode   
“You are hereby sentenced to be publicly canceled by having thy head smoked.”  and  reimagine cancel culture with the help of a medieval mob.      
PODCAST: The Cancel Culture Episode    via 
This week, the role of the artist in the age of Trump, LACMA's stalled fundraising, Kurt Vonnegut on making a living as a writer, trans lives and cancel culture, and more.   
Wondering what #smsc2019 thinks about President Obamas comments on the use of social media, cancel culture and activism.     
             Edwin conspired *with others* (who have media connections) to use that media to create Cancel Culture propaganda to smear AA and kill their deal, Dr. Write.  Your glib, "well he has no power to do that" is arguable.  Why would we tolerate him even TRYING?
I designed some!  - believe survivors - support survivors  and my favorite: - cancel culture isn't real  #Believesurvivors #FeministStickers #CancelCultureIsntReal   
Kickstarter to stop the New York Times from writing about cancel culture
A satirical  video on Cancel Culture.  re-imagined Cancel Culture — in the year 1283.   
What would cancel culture look like for a medieval mob?  and  have some ideas.      
Correct. You can never cave to cancel culture enough. Only lose your own most loyal customers as a result. Their former COO was on my show a few months ago talking about how they'd pray through corporate decisions. Sounds like they ceased doing so.
I'm new to cancel culture and want to see if I'm doing it right, so here you go:   If you like Mannheim Steamroller Christmas music, you should be cancelled.  Did I do it right?
 I think it’s easy to say, “Politicians are racist and that’s bad and they should retire” and also “People calling for politicians to quit are bad and engaging in cancel culture” because both statements seem plausible on the surface, even though they’re clearly in conflict.
“Enough with safe spaces and Cancel Culture. We need to STAND with Michael Murphy,” Sen. Rick Scott tweeted.     
Have you or someone you know been "cancelled?" I'm looking to talk to people who have been affected by cancel culture for a  story! DMs are open!
  Yeah, I probably wouldn’t post it. But yes, canceling someone over that is stupid. I’d like to forever cancel cancel culture.
The reaction to this photo is very much an *over*reaction. It’s a contemplative picture of  plus cancel culture is just really dumb and ruins good things and people.
  has a really eloquent distinction to make on this vs 'Outrage Culture', and why one doesn't really exist, but the other is a problem. Typically boils down to "Cancel Culture' is punching up and the powerful, and tends to not have much effect, but the latter 1/2
Fixating on “Cancel Culture” in an Age of Transphobia Articles about "canceled" or "provocative" writers rarely focus on the people they've harmed by    
What happens when you mix a medieval mob with cancel culture? According to  and  it would probably go something like this: “You are hereby sentenced to be publicly canceled by having thy head smoked.”      
Soooo I was thinking...how about we move from #CancelCulture to #ConvoCulture ? Just a thought.   
Here’s What Cancel Culture Looked Like in 1283   
Brillante vidéo satirique du New York Times / Here’s What Cancel Culture Looked Like in 1283   
Bronze Age cancel culture.
 Cancel culture is real.
Can cancel culture cancel Brexit?
In this satirical Video Op-Ed, cancel culture is reimagined with the help of a medieval mob. Pray thee, the video begs, is there any room left for transgression?      
So apparently you want to fight today ⁦⁩? #MedievalTwitter  Opinion | Here’s What Cancel Culture Looked Like in 1283 - The New York Times   
Opinion | Here’s What Cancel Culture Looked Like in 1283   
  Another thought I had was that isn’t Cancel Culture the ultimate expression of Karening?
tl;dr: When people respond to something, but you don't like what they have to say, it's not automatically a "call-out."  When people face consequences for their choices or actions, but you don't like the consequence, it's not automatically a result of "cancel culture"
Why aren't IDW-types defending Malkin against being "cancelled"?  What makes her being fired from YAF a consequence, rather than "another example of cancel culture!"   Because it can't be pinned on "the Left"?
 There's nothing toxic about #ReleaseTheSnyderCut or our community. Have fun with your cancel culture!  We are love. Love is power.
Free speech is no longer sacred among young journalists who have absorbed the campus lessons about “hate speech”—defined more and more broadly—and they’re breaking long-standing taboos as they bring “cancel culture” into professional newsrooms.   
You know who I want to ban from the conservative movement?  #NeverTrump pussies who back Dems that want to take our guns, raise taxes, keep the borders open, kill unborn babies, cow tow  to the America hating UN, and appoint far left judges.   That’s my cancel culture.
cancel culture needs to come for this fuckin duck   
The left has chosen to destroy this up and coming comedian’s career... cancel culture has gone too far   
Isaiah Washington joined the podcast to discuss fighting back against cancel culture, the #WalkAway movement, attending a  event in celebration of criminal justice reform—plus more.   #BLEXIT #LRA #Podcast #CJR   
Opinion | "The idea that cancelling a celebrity will bring about the end of their career is ridiculous, but what makes cancel culture so dangerous is that normal people are cancelled too."   
Cancel culture, but not from hordes of social media activists, but the owners of conservative media
ICYMI, latest from me at  opinion: the Sarah Braasch story as an example of #CancelCulture     
 I despise cancel culture as much as anyone, I am not a part of that culture.
a) she asked people to speak up. b) this isn't "cancel culture". this is people condemning powerful men for not using their platforms to support a woman who has supported them for years.
If a lot of “Toxic Twitter “ didn’t end up affiliated do you know how easy it is to come back and hurt people. She works for them white boys who think I don’t know my job haven’t apologized and advise folks on “cancel culture”
The right can’t keep lecturing the rest of us about freedom of speech when you have their radio stations practicing literal cancel culture!   
I see so much negativity and cancel culture. It’s disheartening. Everybody is gonna end up miserable if we can’t learn to accept differences. I’m not talking about racists or killers or crazy shit. I’m talking about differences in opinion and how one chooses to live their life.
Cancel culture is out here wilding
This is painfully disjointed and awkward.  What matters: Don Cherry “made his choice.” Ron made his.    Cherry had the opportunity to do something that'd let him remain on Coach’s Corner, and he refused.  That's not "cancel culture." It's a consequence.    
Don Jr. On Losing Friends Over Politics, ‘Cancel’ Culture And Trans Athletes   
I had to explain what “cancel culture” was
cancel culture has been real since the 1970s. I’m watching an episode of Bob Ross and people used to write into him to give him shit for hand raising squirrels, which he did until they were healthy enough to live by themselves. he had to disclaim on the show that they aren’t pets
 cancel culture
. sat down with the  to discuss his new book "Triggered"-- He also talked about losing friends over politics, ‘cancel’ culture &amp; transgender athletes competing in women's sports.  Watch:       
Isaiah Washington joined the podcast to discuss fighting back against cancel culture, the #WalkAway movement, attending a  event in celebration of criminal justice reform—plus more.   #BLEXIT #LRA #Podcast #CJR   
Free speech is no longer sacred among young journalists who have absorbed the campus lessons about “hate speech”—defined more and more broadly—and they’re breaking long-standing taboos as they bring “cancel culture” into professional newsrooms.   
Stay tuned for all the people who feel Don Cherry was a victim of “cancel culture” furious that Kaepernick might be playing pro football again soon   
.  New York Times best selling author, journalist, and writing coach joins Shane Paul Neil in discussing the concept of cancel culture and what it means to be a person of note in the age of social media.    
 He just called MSU little brother. Commence cancel culture. ...
 Did the pressure you were probably under after your awesome video about cancel culture make you delete it? I was going to share your passionate thoughts with some friends. Bummed I couldn't find it.
Cancel culture is completely appropriate when dealing with, you know, Vichy fascist collaborators.
Damon Young of  has a problem with cancel culture. It's the same one he has with the Loch Ness monster, the boogie man, and Santa Claus: They don't exist.  Watch him break down why 'cancel culture' isn't real, and what he would cancel if it were.   
Cancel Culture’s Failure: James Baldwin’s Famous Essay Exposes The Left’s Flawed Logic      
Nov. 16: ‘In a democracy, people with terrible views should not be censored.’ Readers respond to free speech versus cancel culture, plus other letters to the editor       
When  called out cancel culture he wasn't giving conservative firebrands &amp; shock jocks cover. 44 was speaking on the importance of understanding true advocacy &amp; being careful not to implement a perfection test that no one can pass    
BOTTOM LINE INTERVIEW: ⁦⁩ responds to ⁦⁩’s criticism of woke and cancel culture   
Must we forever hold ourselves accountable to the mistakes we made distantly? #cancelculture   
A man who shares the same name as the suspect arrested for spray painting the Old City Hall Cenotaph wrote a lengthy Facebook manifesto citing the emergence of ‘cancel culture’ and the firing of Don Cherry as the motives behind the vandalism.      
Isaiah Washington joined the podcast to discuss fighting back against cancel culture, the #WalkAway movement, attending a  event in celebration of criminal justice reform—plus more.   #BLEXIT #LRA #Podcast #CJR   
. on cancel culture. “I’ve never been afraid of confrontation because confrontation results to discussion, and discussion results to resolutions.”    #postlive   
So much of what's bad about social media isn't really about "outrage" or "negativity" in and of itself but "context collapse", which is a word we really should be using more (it's a much better phrase than "cancel culture")
que tipo de MONSTRO nunca viu um sonho de liberdade???? CANCEL CULTURE FOI INVENTADA PARA ESTE MOMENTO
 Sunshine Anderson started cancel culture!!!
   You don't like his style? Shocker. Not. A. Crime. We do. Its needed to push back against a PC cancel culture that has completely lost its way.
The near ENTIRETY of the right’s political platform is cancel culture. They want to cancel Muslims, immigrants, non-whites, non-Christians, LGBTQIA+, emancipated women, climate change, etc. This blind leading the blind pot has some nerve trying to call the kettle out.
What has the left taught America's future journalists? To fear, and erase history, to kneel and to beg forgiveness. The #CancelCulture &amp; Northwestern University. It's not their fault. The fault is ours.      
 Whatever is happening is the uhhh opposite of cancel culture
 #cancelculture transcends ideology.
Cancel culture has gone too far, but it could be a lot worse.   Head over to Medium and give us a few 👏👏  
 Cmon Finn. Unless this guy has a string of dirty hits in his past u can’t say he was intending to injure this guy or should be suspended.  He like most players gets the rules from HS college and NFL confused. Don’t let the cancel culture and Overreaction mob influence you.
 All consequences are cancel culture
 Episode nn mais ça toucherait à tout ça ouais ! Mais la cancel culture mérite que je fasse un truc dédié :) Ça fait lgt que j'ai envie de parler de "Wokisme" aussi mais c des sujets délicats à aborder. Faut déjà que je sache ce que je pense, et ensuite trouver la bonne manière ^^
"This cancel culture has gotten out of hand."     #canada #canadian #news
 Honestly, I am a little surprised that the vindictive nature of "cancel culture" hasn't swept over and further inflamed our Incarceration Culture. No means of rehabilitation for the offender.
  I hate cancel culture.
 Un épisode sur la cancel culture ou sur le changement des valeurs morales "normales" à travers le temps ? 👀
. Damon's problem with cancel culture is the same one he has with the Loch Ness monster, the boogie man, and Santa Claus: They don't exist.  Watch him break down why 'cancel culture' isn't real, and what he would cancel if it were:      
THIS LEFT WING CANCEL CULTURE IS OUT OF CONTROL LOL
Cancel culture hits differently for Black women because sexism and misogyny hits harder. Men and non Black people are giving grace to unpack and grow and Black women are canceled instantly.
  Oh completely!  Mail them of call them to express views. I just don't get screen shotting the image spreading it further to destroy them more. This cancel culture is vile these days.
The real Sarah Braasch story and the perils of #CancelCulture. New from me at     
The cancel culture of the left dehumanizes the brave ones to squash dissent. It herds the gullible and invites the craven to bend the knee. It does not tolerate diversity of opinion. It is Orwellian and it is relentless.  .        
The #cancelculture idiots have attacked the world of #sports … again. What did these delicate flowers do? Read about it here (and don’t click if you’re easily offended):     #FireThemNowBook  
But is that the fault of one panelist? No. The whole format is toxic. If The Social's numbers plummet after this, that's fair. I also think more should be done to reach out to the people who were hurt. But I also don't support cancel culture.
If you mock  students for cravenly bending the knee &amp; begging forgiveness from the mob for reporting the news, at least consider the culture we left them. The cancel culture and 'Whatsoever things are true’ My column     
It’s the cancel culture bro . Easy to do for athletes and celebrities. Like the average joe ain’t never done no stupid shit and got a second chance . Maybe even a third
That said, Allen shouldn't be fired. We need to start pushing back against today's ridiculous 'cancel culture' which came down like a ton of bricks on Cherry while excusing examples that are just as bad, if not worse, because they are 'politically correct.'
Myles Garrett should get roughly 4 games and Mason Rudolph should get one game. Rudolph isn’t blameless in this and went dirty for the helmet first, but Garrett obviously went WAY too far.  ...but I think cancel culture/social media gonna make this a season-ender, possibly worse.
Senator Rick Scott says enough with the cancel culture as he offers a defense for the University of Florida student body President Michael Murphy.   
   Sure. And that's the problem with "cancel culture," as I see it. It becomes a tit-for-tat cold war, with each "side" trying to take points. People just need to cool it.
How have we gotten to the point where because people got offended over a board member raising a legitimate question, we have to remove the person who asked it from the board? Cancel Culture has gotten ridiculous ~    
Free speech is no longer sacred among young journalists who have absorbed the campus lessons about “hate speech”—defined more and more broadly—and they’re breaking long-standing taboos as they bring “cancel culture” into professional newsrooms.   
A lot of the replies are people saying they’re cancelling cable and never watching CTV again. Generally when people say this, they are not going to carry it out, it’s all bluster. They blame “cancel culture” for Cherry’s firing but here they are, cancelling &amp; wanting people fired
F #CancelCulture.   Let’s talk. Let’s ask. Let’s listen.  In life, there are definitive rights, unequivocal wrongs + murky grays. Call them out. Elevate them. Consider them.  But erase humans via digital pummeling? Look in the mirror — that person you’re Tweeting could be you.
cancel culture is the worst on uber
Hey NY Times, time for another fawning piece on Dave Rubin and cancel culture because this time I think he may actually be dead   
Isaiah Washington joined the podcast to discuss fighting back against cancel culture, the #WalkAway movement, attending a  event in celebration of criminal justice reform—plus more.   #BLEXIT #LRA #Podcast #CJR   
The consequences of ‘cancel’ culture   
Don Cherry has joined a slew of celebrities that have lost their jobs due to controversial comments.  takes a closer look at cancel culture and its consequences   
Manny MUA had it all – followers, sponsorships and fame, but then he was ‘cancelled’  A year later, he reflects on what he describes as the ‘toxic’ online hate that landed him in hospital  Has ‘cancel culture’ been empowering or destructive?  Watch:      
Here’s why so-called cancel culture matters: when people face no repercussions, they continue as is. Trump got away with the Russia stuff, so as soon the Mueller report let him off the hook, he tried the same shtick with Ukraine. Same for Don Cherry—no repercussions = no change.
⚠️ Video ⚠️  Don Cherry was recently FIRED for saying immigrants should wear poppies for Remembrance Day  Was he being racist and xenophobic?  Or is this another example of PC cancel culture gone crazy?  Watch here:   
 Sounds like doubling down and lame back peddling to me. Let her go on though. I think she’s a moron but I don’t condone cancel culture man. It’s just wrong. Meantime we’ve made famous a show and a person I’d never heard of before 2 days ago.
  We're mentioning it in our story on Cancel Culture tonight on 
DL Hughley  Talks His New Show, Cancel Culture, Trump &amp; More!       
  It offers a little bit of protection, but _everyone_ is vulnerable to cancel culture in some ways.
I’ve been trying to put into words what I think about today’s political climate regarding cancel culture and bigotry. I’m not sure I have succeeded, but I’ll give it a try anyway. When hearing about the news of Cherry’s firing, which I don’t feel is that important of a topic in…
This is shameful. There is a pervasive trend on college campuses to avoid being confronted with anything you disagree with.   Enough with safe spaces and Cancel Culture. We need to STAND with Michael Murphy!    
 Proto cancel culture!   
. talks cancel culture with  on this week's episode of As Me Sinéad: As Jameela Jamil.  Listen to the full interview:     #humanityunfiltered #asme #TheGoodPlace   
Hilarious that people mad about cancel culture or whatever want to get this lady fired from a TV show they don’t even watch because she called the hockey players she knows white boys ...I don’t agree with her point but the hypocrisy is strong today.
This week on As Me with Sinéad: As Jameela Jamil.    sits down with actress and activist  to discuss being extra, cancel culture,  + when she'll finally get off the world's dick.   Listen 🎧:    #humanityunfiltered #asme   
OPINION: 'Cancel culture' is killing humour and personality |         
Cancel culture could learn a few things from this 😂
CHRISTIANS + CHRISTIAN ORGS MUST NOW PASS A LEFTIST PURITY TEST BEFORE THEY CAN APPEAR IN PUBLIC ... or face scorn and cancellation. Where's the purity test leftists must pass? #cancelculture   
there's a different type of ~cancel culture~ going on in hong kong right now   
. Talks and the Australian Music Vault join forces with the Hypothetical series as part of #AusMusicMonth on 21 November. Join in on the debate around Cancel Culture -    #cancelled   
Jessica Allen, in her bravura performance -- because that's what it was -- clearly tried to mock Don Cherry as a bigot by restoring to bigotry herself. At least own it ...  and no I don't think she should be fired. That's the cancel culture and it's idiotic.
OPINION: "It sends the message of one being undeserving of forgiveness and correction." Karmen Jones challenges cancel culture in her first edition of Black Topics.    
"That’s right, you cancel-culture vultures: Political correctness is slowly killing America, and the simple answer is to just let me be an asshole."   
generally, I'm not a fan of cancel culture. but sometimes people deserve it.
College campuses will do their best to make an example of any student who dares to invite a conservative speaker. Stand up to cancel culture and keep your head up  !     
 Cancel culture is wrong, that’s why we must cancel Rogers
 Sound bites?  It's evidence.. This wasn't cancel culture.. This was the 1000th straw breaking the camel's back
Here's a long, intense, and fun  podcast I did with  about his Steve Bannon doc American Dharma, #cancelculture, his famous run-in with Thomas Kuhn (!), and his great  series Wormwood (about MKUltra).   
"They wanted to deplatform not just Steve Bannon...they wanted to deplatform me."  talks #cancelculture, American Dharma, Theranos, and why this is the greatest time to be a documentary filmmaker with . Podcast.   
It appears the mob has flip-flopped. After defending one man's rant as freedom of expression, while denouncing the  "cancel" culture, they've pivoted quickly to denounce one woman's rant while embracing the cancel culture. #FlipFloppers.
 Thankfully that was before cancel culture
This just in from Three-Tittied Stacey:   "Cancel culture makes me SICK just look at what it did to Don Cherry also it's time to CANCEL JESSICA ALLEN"
. Chairman  discusses how a recent  #freespeech seminar at  devolved into a classic case of #cancelculture.   
This cancel culture thing is weak. We got a bunch of people who simply don’t like whoever for whatever reason so y’all try to get them “cancelled”. Y’all not canceling shit. The show ain’t even for you, bay bee. 😂
 This cancel culture is some of the weakest shit right now. 😂
I'd love to hear your thoughts about Cancel Culture. Do you feel like it's too much? Do you believe people can change? What do you need someone to do to prove they are capable of change?
 Yeah, that's how cancel culture works. The culture that Tucker heartily participates in.
Tucker has declared that "cancel culture is a national plague," but he practices it as enthusiastically as the most extremely online SJW.
 This is what cancel culture has gotten us. Smh.
This human is on to something. Time for all of us to adopt #callinculture and NOT #CancelCulture + #calloutculture
. addresses cancel culture says there is a "bullying culture" online, even on Black Twitter. Says we go hard when we ride for some people, but we can also go hard in a negative way, while at the same time advocating for healthy mental health
“Cancel culture.” Otherwise known as “consequences.” The whole term is so very trite, so intellectually dishonest, and SO played out at this point.
Saw this coming. Instead of hating #DisneyPlus 4 the disclaimer, let's appreciate they even bothered. I agree #cancelculture is sometimes obnoxious but just b/c it doesn't personally affect/trigger you doesn't mean it's the same 4 others. Let's try 2 be a little more empathetic.
Folks, if you haven't yet had a chance to check out  their new episode with Kai Cheng Thom () is a beautiful entry point.   The writer and performer talks #CancelCulture, why hurt people hurt people, and her powerful book “I Hope We Choose Love"
Kai Cheng Thom being thoughtful and smart and kind is truly the only thing you need to absorb about cAnCEL cuLtuRe, ever again. This was my first time listening to Chosen Family, it is good.
   I don't condone that at all. Our cancel culture is not healthy. I can strongly disagree with someone's incorrect generalizations, but I don't need them fired over it. In fact I see no benefit in that. Discussions are where we learn, not firings.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but a huge part of the furor has to do with needing five years to reach these conclusions. It's not about cancel culture or making sure Kapler never works again. It's about honestly owning an egregious judgment lapse. Not sure if that happened before this
Enough with the never ending outrage machine. Don’t agree with  don’t watch. She’s entitled to her opinion. Period. As am I, you. And yes Don Cherry.  Time to cancel “cancel” culture. It’s growing old real fast.
Disagree. That's the cancel culture of the left. Conservatives should be made of sterner stuff -- refuting arguments we disagree with, not censoring them. Here, by noting the irony of someone who accuses Cherry of being a bigot restoring to the very tactics she claims to deplore.
Folks, if you haven't yet had a chance to check out  their new episode with Kai Cheng Thom () is a beautiful entry point.   The writer-performer-social worker talks #CancelCulture, why hurt people hurt people &amp; her powerful book “I Hope We Choose Love"
This would be very news for Bill Nye - if he was a scientist.   Either way cancel culture is out of control.   
Cancel culture culture has gone too far, but it could be a lot worse: #Canceled   
   Not a “leftie” and “cancel culture” is made up term...made up by angry people that don’t get their way. People in TV and radio have been getting cancelled for years because they said things that weren’t factually correct or worse.
Devin Nunes wants in on cancel culture?
 this is the cancel culture i can believe in
Cherry Fans: “This has nothing to do with immigrants, it’s about respect for veterans! CANCEL CULTURE HAS GONE TOO FAR” Legion: “We denounce Cherry’s remarks” Cherry Fans: “I’M NEVER BUYING A POPPY AGAIN, YOU VETERANS CAN BURN IN HELL”
Beatrice Perez-Arche and Livian Yeh have a conversation about their experience in the Young Critics Program, “cancel culture” and criticism, gaining confidence, and more.      
I was reading on Cancel Culture and I learned that it was something meant for dogs, soon as they get rabies you cancel the dog and sell it.
“THAT SHIT WAS LIKE MOB MENTALITY AND CANCEL CULTURE IN REAL LIFE AND I THINK THAT SHIT IS FUCKING TRASH.” Tyler, The Creator isn't too happy about how Drake was treated at Camp Flog Gnaw...      
I'm not a fan of cancel culture because every one of us has made mistakes. The important part is that we learn from then. In saying that, an apology never feels as genuine if it comes after your naïve/offensive comments were exposed.
Cancel Culture has gone intergalactic.
 Shoutout to cancel culture. Put that on my tombstone.
Might be the dumbest part of the whole cancel culture: So if Cherry is forced to give a COMPLETELY INSINCERE apology, he survives? Makes sense
I don’t know what to tell you guys. I don’t much care for cancel culture, but I can’t get through to the guy. Maybe some of you can. I’m done with it (and him) though.
#DisneyPlus handling woke cancel culture.   
 There's no such thing as cancel culture.
I despise cancel culture. No one made you and especially I, the prosecutors, judges &amp; executioners of others- rather than going out of our ways to find worst in others, we should be trying to elevate each other &amp; have empathy- I don’t want to be judged JUST on my worst moments
"That’s right, you cancel-culture vultures: Political correctness is slowly killing America, and the simple answer is to just let me be an asshole." (ha/sob, ha/sob, ha/sob)   
   Again, most of his detractors delight in him being cancelled all while decrying cancel culture. Frauds. All of them. You’re probably in their number.
 In the comments, see a bunch of people who decry cancel culture who are happy a guy got cancelled because of his politically incorrect views who lie and say they don’t want him in the league bc he’s not good enough.
I like Don Cherry.  This cancel culture is like a plague with symptoms of overreaction and biased interpretation. He said he was ready to clarify and apologize but was never given a chance.   
CLEVVER EXCLUSIVE: We talked to  about cancel culture,  and her love for Clevver   
 "canceled by the party" suggests that the DNC is now cool enough to participate in cancel culture
Cancel culture has gone too far, but it could be a lot worse.   
dam first the Mona Lisa now Smokey the Bear? cancel culture is real, folks
What do you want to know about what happened to Don Cherry? What about cancel culture? Send us your questions! Tweet me or email askcbc.ca. We'll discuss LIVE at 8pm ET tonight on #askcbcnews.
PS cancel culture depends on the impossibility of redemption. Han had a character arc that originally involved redemption. Therefore, his original character must be cancelled.
Cancel culture
 Really no greater example of our "Cancel Culture" than Top Chef blackballing another cheftestant every. single. week.
More bigotry from the woke Left. Ever notice how cancel culture doesn’t apply when leftists make hateful or stereotypical comments?    
 This cancel culture is too much
cancel culture is out of control
You can write about the topic without trafficking in loaded, thought-terminating cliches like "cancel culture," dear writer.
 Cancel culture claims another victim.
Tell me again about how 'cancel culture' is purely the preserve of the left... 🤔   
From last night: Wrote a rather pointed column about Don Cherry, in case you want to write in to talk about cancel culture and how people are looking to be outraged all the time   
The driving spirit of most current criminal justice reform is that we’re all more than the worst thing that we have done. That’s completely at odds with “cancel culture.” We will forgive violent crimes but not dumb off-the-cuff statements.     
Cancel culture, describes a form of boycott in which the called-out person is also thrust out of social or professional circles — either on social media or in the real world or both. They are said to be "canceled".
“Like, if I tweet or hashtag about how you didn’t do something right or used the wrong verb,” he said, “then I can sit back and feel pretty good about myself, cause, ‘Man, you see how woke I was, I called you out.’” Call-Out/Cancel Culture gets us nowhere   
 Just like cancel culture intensified in recent years, we can create an elevation culture
 My point is instead of spending time finding the worst moments for other people in order to tear them down, we should use that time and energy to lift people who deserve it and make world a better place. Cancel culture is a vicious cycle
 Cancel Culture
The people who whine about “cancel culture” are the same people who try to “cancel” businesses for saying “Happy Holidays.”
cancel culture has gone too far
  Nobody died and left me in charge of being someone else’s judge. This cancel culture is destructive and making world a worse place
Sean Spicer's Elimination from Dancing with the Stars is an Example of Cancel Culture Run Amok by Bret Stephens  Don't get me wrong. I don't like Sean Spicer. Or dancing. Or Sean Spicer's dancing. But the real threat to America is
  Can everyone stop saying woke? It’s perfectly legitimate to offer a critique of the monarchy pegged to our intensely divided society’s continued enabling of them. Also I detected the spirit of irony in his tweet which was making fun of so-called cancel culture. I’m tired.
“This isn’t ‘cancel culture.’ This is an 85-year-old guy who has been making xenophobic comments for literally decades and managed to keep his job when many others would’ve been fired for similar statements.”    
Cancel culture is so selective. Tired of it.
There are tweets out there from people decrying cancel culture and saying they just cancelled their Sportsnet subscription....in the same tweet
Tyler the Creator Rips 'Mad Rude' Fans for Booing Drake! '...like mob mentality and cancel culture in real life.'   
Alex  of "Bill and Ted" pens thoughtful tweet about "cancel culture"   
Pretty low engagement on these tweets:.. cancel culture run amok
 cancel culture has gone too far!!
For it to be #CancelCulture doesn't there have to be some culture to cancel?
Kicked Out Of Dave N Busters Andd Banned For Life After Doing Poop In My Pants While Playing Motorcycle Game &amp; Refusing To Get Off The Motorcycle Even Tho There’s Poo p  Everywhere,,,,  Cancel Culture Is Out Of Fucking Control 🤬🤬🤬
 Someone getting fired for being an offensive xenophobic crazy person isn't "cancel culture" it's  "the standard practice of a functioning society."
 As a journalist (and I usually like calling myself a reporter btw) I haven’t and am not “enabling/promoting trigger warnings, safe spaces, cancel culture, and all the other forms of shielding the public from reality.”
 It’s a mix of him not knowing his audience and who they like vs. who he likes and mob mentality / cancel culture.
Y'all: Cancel culture has gone too far  Reality:
The Dancing With The Stars crowd is booing the judges for criticizing the dancing of... Sean Spicer.   I’m waiting for actual Cancel Culture to kick in any day now.
ELE  #DonCherry #Sportsnet #CancelCulture #FreeSpeech   
Don Cherry said nothing wrong. This is “cancel culture” at its worst.
Me: *tweets something provably false and dishonest* Twitter: Wow that's bad. Stop that. Me: So SiCk oF tHiS FuCkiNg ToXiC CaNcEl CuLtUrE
MSG was the earliest and most tragic victim of #cancelculture
 Cancel  Cancel Culture  Club
 Maybe you misread the intent of my comments? I thought I was clear in arguing this is not an example of cancel culture. I even offered a specific reason to those suggesting otherwise.   The outcome is arguably reasonable here.    
cancel culture!?!? no way buddy, culture kicks ass
 I did, and my comments remain true. I won't belabour the point, I'd just challenge you as a normally on-the-ball sleuth to find better arguments against the phenomenon plenty of reasonable academics around the world describe as cancel culture.
 I see one mainstream pundit supporting Cherry among your screenshots. Gonna flag a straw man/woman here... These are not real arguments on the phenomenon Haidt and others use empirical evidence to identify but ordinary xenophobes just saying the words "cancel culture."
 See, the difference between this and cancel culture is that I never tweeted or yelled that he should be fired. I’m simply commenting on events that have already occurred.
. isn't concerned about the 'cancel culture' or digital backlash.  Watch our latest interview + her mini freestyle on #SwayInTheMorning.      
This cancel culture story about the ousting of broadcaster Don Cherry over his comments about immigrants not showing patriotism is somehow morphed by the reporters into Cherry hates black Canadian citizens/veterans. It's a work of leftist art.   
 Finally a level of cancel culture I can get behind. May I also suggest we refuse to pay bills or do cleaning of any kind?  Ahhh. I feel a load has been lifted. (Corin. This had better work!)
 Who's arguing this is an example of cancel culture?
 Look, I’m a conservative and I detest cancel culture. But he absolutely should not have said what he said. Even if you agree with what he said (and I don’t), you just don’t say that on TV. I mean, he’s gotta be more self-aware than that.
That’s honestly a really good point. I wonder if they have a delay? Smart tweet man. I know I do. Something to consider and look into for anyone who may say something cancel culture doesn’t agree with.
And it's not as if he was shouted off the UCLA stage by anti–free speechers or cancel culture or whatever:   
Further, it's more than amusing that those claiming he's a victim of "cancel culture" are in full support of his attempt to shame people into a form of virtue signaling.
As for those pointing to this decision as evidence of "cancel culture" -- it seems Cherry was given a choice., and knowing the consequences, he made it.  Again, his own words remain the problem, not the response or the consequences.
 Trudeau did black face but he's still the PM. People were falling over themselves to explain it away. This is about left vs. right and cancel culture more than about what he said. He's an old man that no one takes seriously, but still an icon. Let him ride off into the sunset.
#CancelCulture just took out Don Cherry.  We live in a boring world.  DON'T HAVE AN OPINION ON ANYTHING!
Don Cherry fought for MacLean.   MacLean turned on Cherry the first time the goblins of cancel culture glanced his way.     
Is cancel culture always bad?
 This is cancel culture against cancel culture
Which brave hero will pen the "Cancel Culture Came for Don Cherry" thinkpiece?
Sportsnet could have just let Cherry go years ago simply for being bad at his job. Decline to renew his contract between seasons and call it progress. Now they'll have to contend w bad faith concern trolls accusing them of caving in to Cancel Culture...
Over/Under 16.5 minutes before Phil Mushnick publishes an article whining about Cherry's termination and "Cancel Culture."
Today in #cancelculture: new  research shows voters support banning fossil fuel extraction on public lands 52 to 35%, even after hearing a Republican argument against.   with an exclusive on popular executive actions on climate:      
cancel culture is alive!!!! just look at don cherry!!!!!!!!!!! you have the same job for six hundred and twenty nine years and one day you say something racist after six hundred and twenty nine years of saying racist things and poof — you're out of work!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cancel culture just took another victim. This time a Canadian icon and cherished national voice, over an untrue Leftist smear. #IStandWithCherry
  I think fear of 'cancel' culture might have been running highest at Anheuser-Busch-InBev
 Yeah, good point. There will be some cancel culture blowback for sure.
 This right here. Though I think there will be backlash because of the whole cancel culture thing, which is ironic because if he was canned a week ago for generally being incomprehensible, it might've just been shrugged off
I love this conversation between  and        Superheroes! Young adult fiction! Cancel culture! What the internet is doing to our concept of personal identity!   It pretty much covers everything.
Cancel culture + anti-military bias + jealous competitors + CBC witch-hunt + Liberal MPs pressuring a highly-regulated private broadcaster = censorship.  Welcome to Trudeau's second term. It's only going to get worse.
Totally. It's super easy to trip over your shoelace and chop someone up with a bone saw. Has happened to me once or twice.  Cancel culture is getting out of control!   
Tyler, The Creator reaction continues: "Yall represented me and Flog to my guest and made us look sooo entitled and trash... [this is] cancel culture in real life.”   
Tyler, the Creator likens Drake booing at Camp Flog Gnaw to 'cancel culture'   
Tyler, the Creator likens Drake booing at Camp Flog Gnaw to 'cancel culture'   
Tyler, the Creator responds to Drake being booed at his festival, calling it "mob mentality and cancel culture in real life"      
Tyler, The Creator responds to Drake getting booed off the stage at Camp Flog Gnaw: "THAT SHIT WAS LIKE MOB MENTALITY AND CANCEL CULTURE IN REAL LIFE AND I THINK THAT SHIT IS FUCKING TRASH"      
At this point, "cancel culture is toxic!" is far more toxic than any kind of "cancel culture" could possibly be. These people have intentionally forced a link between "canceling" and all criticism, ever, to intentionally silence people and protect abusers.
JUST IN: Tyler, The Creator releases statement about Drake getting booed off stage at Camp Flog Gnaw:  "That sh*t was like mob mentality and cancel culture in real life and I think that sh*t is f**king trash."   
Tyler, the Creator addresses Drake getting booed at Camp Flog Gnaw.  "THAT SH*T WAS LIKE MOB MENTALITY AND CANCEL CULTURE IN REAL LIFE AND I THINK THAT SHIT IS F**KING TRASH"      
Tyler, the Creator rips crowd for booing Drake at #CampFlogGnaw: "That sh*t was like mob mentality and cancel culture in real life"      
Celebrities' definitions of "cancel culture" continue to astound lmfao
THAT SHIT WAS LIKE MOB MENTALITY AND CANCEL CULTURE IN REAL LIFE AND I THINK THAT SHIT IS FUCKING TRASH
I don’t believe in online outrage cancel culture--except for the Trump lady who praised the Berlin Wall.   
If you’re fed up with the tactics of #PCPolice, Social Injustice Worriers™, and #CancelCulture have a listen.       If you’re in #KansasCity, come watch  and I say whatever we damn well please at our #SafeSpace  November 14-16.   
 More so speaking to the cancel culture idea than the fact they’re still figuring out how the business model works at scale. I see them getting big contracts for things like trucking soon, especially with autonomous vehicles. Those will be silent money makers for them.
 He’s been doing bad delivery for decades. And paid handsomely for it. Now the cancel culture turns on him like his employers do who no doubt encouraged him to be “his” way for ratings and as dollars.
I’m one of “those” people. He reminded me. I don’t see it all. &amp; I’m on my way to the Remembrance Day celebration now too. I probably wouldn’t have gone hadn’t  it been for his comments Saturday night &amp; the cancel culture backlash. I wonder how many have used it for good like me?
Does cancel culture work? Louis CK returns to the stage two years after admitting to allegations of sexual misconduct   
And of course the mainstream media does stories like this where they provide a sample of SJW cancel culture and pretend it's the widespread sentiment. Nope. Read any of the comment sections. Canadians stand with Don Cherry and against the politically correct police.   
What some of y'all call "cancel culture", I call resistance .  --against having our lives literally disregarded and erased.
Real "cancel culture" is:  -Being killed for resisting government oppression - Being blacklisted for speaking out against racism -Excessive police violence -Being killed or attacked for your gender identity/sexual orientation -Being left to die because you can't afford healthcare
Because of #CancelCulture, it took a year for 's American Dharma, a new documentary about Steve Bannon, to reach theaters. I talk with him abt that,  &amp; why he still thinks this is the *best* time be a documentarian    
And a little for the folks in my mentions talking about "cancel culture..."   #BoycottUber   
Calls for firing of Cherry for using Remembrance Day to aim a baseless attack at newcomer Canadians (presumably non-white because he “sees” them poppy-less) - cancel culture?
What the fight back against cancel culture looks like.
Great read: My  q&amp;a with  about Trick of Light, the novel she wrote with  cancel culture in YA fiction, and life before 24/7 connectivity   
   I think it's complicated. Yes of course, let's speak out and use our voices to oppose prejudice and hate in all forms, but pile-ons and "cancel culture" don't fix anything, it just squashes conversation and learning.
New #SheThinks🎧! Isaiah Washington joined the podcast to discuss fighting back against cancel culture, the #WalkAway movement, attending a  event in celebration of criminal justice reform—plus more.   #BLEXIT #LRA #Podcast #CJR   
 That’s the latest status quo. It is not necessarily about what is said but who said it.   That’s why I personally will never subscribe to the cancel culture movement. The bias is glaringly annoying.
Purity tests and cancel culture are the enemies of liberalism .
cancel culture has gone too far      
If you’re fed up with the tactics of #PCPolice, Social Injustice Worriers™, and #CancelCulture, have a listen. And if you’re in #KansasCity, come watch  and I say whatever we damn well please at our #SafeSpace  November 14-16.
I’ll be doing comedy in KC this weekend w/ ⁦⁦⁩ so we sat down to talk about Cancel Culture and its effect on comedy and the atheist community.    
When he admitted to the allegations against him, Louis CK became one of the most visible symbols of “cancel culture.”   
 I’m not signing up for any of that. I reject the cancel culture on the Right &amp; Left. I’m for open debate.
I'm a strong proponent of cancel culture for politicians...  Like Nikki Haley, Rick Santorum, NEWT GINGRICH??? WHYYYY are we consistently uplifting the voices of easily-replaceable ppl? If their respective constituents didn't care for them, why should a media-consuming public??
Ex-MSNBC journo Mark Halperin’s publisher is condemning ‘cancel culture’      
 People complain so much about «cancel culture» and yet this confessed child rapist is still more or less able to go about his business and life as though he never did anything wrong
 this is sweet of you, but I'm not sure I really qualify as a victim of cancel culture!
"Cancer Research UK dropped the word ‘women’ from its pap smear test campaign, instead saying screening was ‘relevant for everyone aged 25-64 with a cervix’." #IWregs #cancelculture #PCculture   
A weird problem with “cancel culture”—an actual problem, not this Oh No Poor Sex Pests shit—is that people whose exposure predates the current wave just... keep on a-chugging. Victor Salva’s still making movies, Harold Bloom wasn’t criticized above a hush until he died, etc
Most people will advocate for cancel culture until they're the ones on the wrong side.
 Essay title: “How cancel culture came for my ankle and won”
I’m moderate GOP who voted   &amp; . Still, I’m supportive of  &amp; detest how he’s dismissed &amp; disrespected by politically correct, arrogant, hipster, quasi intellectual, Impeachy, woke, cancel culture. Dismiss his supporters at your peril. Watch him win.
Didn’t Jesus call Simon, Peter or Peter, Cephas? By that measure of not calling someone what they preferred name, cancel culture woulda censored one of the greatest prophets of men.
Disgraced comedian Louis CK is going on a world tour — so much for cancel culture   
New #SheThinks🎧! Isaiah Washington joined the podcast to discuss fighting back against cancel culture, the #WalkAway movement, attending a  event in celebration of criminal justice reform—plus more.   #BLEXIT #LRA #Podcast #CJR   
This is Canadian cancel culture’s greatest test.  And they will lose. But he’ll shuffle off soon enough. Having spoken and covered both of these men, I do expect better of   At least I want too.
1) are we conflating cancel culture with what is happening here, given that cancel culture tends to be digging out tweets from someone’s past and this person has done sustained bullying and trolling for 8 months?
Cancel culture is threatening scientific debate and clinicians' free speech, argues    
Neither side wants to admit, but the US and China are converging in some weird ways  - internet censorship - nationalism + socialism - state takeover of tech companies - social credit / cancel culture - human flesh search / twitter mobs
 I thought cancel culture hurt men’s careers
Can someone make me feel better and cancel culture Rashod Bateman or something
  Jeffy! Why are you STILL defying  ? Over a week ago he told you to DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT! 🤣  Barack Obama Criticizes “Woke” Social Media Cancel Culture=&gt;   
Following statements are true:  Cancel culture ain't real  Online call outs can turn into vicious pile ons  Folks called out for racism etc often see that as a vicious pile on when it's just facts  Folks on here will say they're being attacked when described as white or a Boomer
      I thought you guys hated #CancelCulture
"Cancer Research UK dropped the word ‘women’ from its pap smear test campaign, instead saying screening was ‘relevant for everyone aged 25-64 with a cervix’." #IWregs #cancelculture #PCculture   
 I also very specifically do not like the term "cancel culture," however am aware it is one people use   
 no... I'm saying that is what a person like myself is referring to when referencing the phrase "cancel culture"
in fact, I would be very deliberate in saying "I think when people say 'cancel culture' they are specifically referring to things that are NOT as consequential as exposing predatory behavior"
what people are calling "cancel culture" and exposing predators are not 1:1, these are not the same thing, and we should not treat them like the same thing
#CancelCulture strikes again - we have a Christmas tree at our house, too. Not a holiday tree. #1A in jeopardy.
this is a fundamental misunderstanding of what people are referring to when they say "cancel culture," not that I think it is a good term  also, "consequences" has become a very malleable word in order to excuse abuse towards people who have been stalked and misrepresented   
In September,  spoke with  about A Trick of Light, collaborating with Stan Lee, and about how cancel culture has infiltrated the literary world.    
As I sift through the never ending discourse on cancel culture, I can’t help but return to this very good tweet:
someone can put on a football game and completely derail a weekend and yet cancel culture has “gone too far”
2/ It's an interesting case because it forces us to talk about "cancel culture" not in a dumb way, but in a specific way -- what should be the consequences for individual clubs that put Louis on, or for people filmed entering these performances? How far does 'accountability' go?
 Kind of shows that cancel culture isn't a thing, no?
 Is this vegan cream cheese or cream cheese with vegetables? I have to take this before the Cancel Culture Council
. gives  an inside scoop about the firing of  conservatives at  and how “cancel culture” and PC Trump-haters are killing comedy.  Watch more BlazeTV FREE for 30 days ===&gt;      
Now, the last third of this video I think is where the real gold is, though. It is very along the lines of what I'm saying in my video "Cancel Culture... or Capitialist Culture?"   
Roman Polanski is proof cancel culture is not a thing.
Thanks everyone. This was a trick poll. The first 3 are all equally incredible bands with saxes and the 4th is a human not a band.  If you voted for the human, your vote is #Cancelled*  #CancelCulture  *Not because I don’t like the music, but because you didn’t read the question
Cancel culture’s lunacy: equating bad opinions with bad people, by (new  columnist)     via  #freespeech #CancelCulture
New #SheThinks🎧! Isaiah Washington joined the podcast to discuss fighting back against cancel culture, the #WalkAway movement, attending a  event in celebration of criminal justice reform—plus more.   #BLEXIT #LRA #Podcast #CJR   
Former #USPresident  is drawing #praise from both sides of the political spectrum for his #criticism of #CancelCulture. What do you think of his comments?    #woke
Cancel culture’s lunacy: equating bad opinions with bad people       
 Cancel culture doesn't work on wealthy white males.
  Thanks Lebo. Tomi you didn’t hear what Uncle Barrack said about cancel culture? 😂
Stan Lee, the legendary (now deceased) head of Marvel Comics, wrote a book on cancel culture with . Interview by    
New from me at : what's the deal with #CancelCulture?    
Cancel culture in the past was called damnatio memoriae and it involved things like razing homes and salting the land, painting over people in portraits, scraping names out of chronicles, and even violent cannibalism for political reasons.
#CancelCulture courtesy of the “tolerant” Left...
the Terminator movies take place in a universe where the future is ruled by cruel machines that mercilessly enforce cancel culture — even in their past, which is our present!!
 "Cancel culture" isn't a thing. People losing some prestige/opportunities because they were racist/bad people is a natural consequence of being racists/bad people. That's how the world works.
Today’s newsletter is about confronting the undeniable misogyny of cancel culture ☠️   
Thanks all for the thoughtful "cancel culture" responses, I appreciate it. None of you are cancelled!
Biologist  argues in  that we shouldn't just cancel historical figures we don't like any more; we should also rename any species named after them. #cancelculture #cancelnature #canceleverything     
Hello all, this is  of the #RhodenFellows signing in. I will be live-tweeting our podcast today where we will discuss: Load Management, Cancel culture, Street names, and how leagues handle bad fan behavior.
As a man who lived in my beloved México and appreciates the unique culture of *us* Mexicanos — this, here, is classic cultural appropriation. Shame, Siraj!  #CancelCulture
  On a side note, the people in my social media sphere who love talking about "cancel culture" really hate "ok boomer"
  They used to have these conversations amongst themselves &amp; it was delicious &amp; now spoilsports are watching &amp; OMG CANCEL CULTURE
 Agree, although I think people are also using it also in terms of current speech/conduct. E.g. I saw protests against Meghan Murphy's current views being expressed in rented public library space as cancel culture.
"Cancer Research UK dropped the word ‘women’ from its pap smear test campaign, instead saying screening was ‘relevant for everyone aged 25-64 with a cervix’." #IWregs #cancelculture #PCculture   
  I have no earthly idea how to defeat cancel culture. I just know if must be defeated.
If I wanted to troll I’d say the conclusion here is that cancel culture is part of our American heritage and we must treasure it as such   But really, the only conclusion here is that Lord Byron fucked his sister.   /end
the thing about cancel culture is no one gets cancelled for victimless personality flaws if they’re actually good at something 🤷🏻‍♀️   
Twitter 'conservatives' trying to strike a Faustian bargain with cancel culture:  'Hey, can you _pleez_ just let us be conservatives as long as we don't try to conserve any specific things that might have been historically important in conserving our nation &amp; society?'
People keep asking for my opinion on cancel culture, and the only thing i have to say is that the Atlantic was nearly destroyed in 1869 by thousands of subscription cancellations over an article by Harriet Beecher Stowe insinuating that Lord Byron fucked his sister
not sure why we don't refer to cancel culture as "taking a vacation from the internet," which sounds actually great?
.'s book was published on Oct. 29, it sold a mere 502 copies in its first week.  But instead of accepting the loss, Halperin’s publisher has decided to blame “cancel culture.”      
I've received a marked increase in complaints with columns regarding the People's Party of Canada to Tim Hortons. But “cancel culture” cannot take hold in newsrooms committed to the core democratic principle of freedom of expression. Kathy English:     
idk bro maybe own up to and apologize for their shitty behavior and then tell people how they're working to be better instead of yelling about cancel culture, that feels like what they're supposed to do   
i know cancel culture is a touchy subject, and that being a subject of it gives me a biased pov. but here it is. i believe that people should be given the opportunity to hold themselves accountable. i also think continued public harassment has tragic side effects. it's violence.
the real cancel culture is the ways victims are punished for daring to ask for help. we are constantly ostracized and gaslit for telling the truth.  but no one cared because we don’t have any power.
She Thinks: Isaiah Washington on Freedom of Thought, the Cancel Culture, and Criminal Justice Reform   
"They wanted to deplatform not just Steve Bannon...they wanted to deplatform me."  talks #cancelculture, American Dharma, Theranos, and film with .   
I regret to announce that I have been victimized by cancel culture, all because I lit my neighbor's house on fire. It is sad that we can't allow differing opinions to exist in modern society.
You hate to see it but cancel culture is about to hit the OK Boomer trend hard #MemeWars2019    
not liking my tweets because they're 'a disturbing mix of uninteresting and deranged' is Cancel Culture
cancel culture at Medieval Times has gone too far
I don't know if you can argue that cancel culture has really effectively silenced anyone if I constantly have to see those people talking about cancel culture.
I've received a marked increase in complaints with columns regarding the People's Party of Canada to Tim Hortons. But “cancel culture” cannot take hold in newsrooms committed to the core democratic principle of freedom of expression. Kathy English:     
How to Get Cancelled: A noted asshole reflects on the misogynistic Napalm of Cancel Culture       
I've received a marked increase in complaints with columns regarding the People's Party of Canada to Tim Hortons coffee. But “cancel culture” cannot take hold in newsrooms committed to the core democratic principle of freedom of expression. Kathy English:   
I've received a marked increase in complaints with columns regarding the People's Party of Canada to Tim Hortons. But “cancel culture” cannot take hold in newsrooms committed to the core democratic principle of freedom of expression. Kathy English:     
I've received a marked increase in complaints with columns regarding the People's Party of Canada to Tim Hortons coffee. But “cancel culture” cannot take hold in newsrooms committed to the core democratic principle of freedom of expression      
2020 hopeful Tulsi Gabbard says cancel culture is ‘disservice to our country’ -    #OANN   
Am seeing more &amp; more “cancel culture” references and not sure what I think. When Steven Van Zandt &amp; others urged a boycott of Sun City, pressured/shamed other musicians to help end apartheid, was that cancel culture? Other than social media is there something new?
Karma. She's an awesome bitch. Nobody is buying Mark Halperin’s book. The disgraced journalist’s publisher lambastes ‘cancel culture.’   
New #SheThinks🎧!  joined  to discuss fighting back against #CancelCulture, 's #WalkAway, attending a  event in celebration of criminal justice reform—plus more.   Keep listening &gt;     #BLEXIT #LRA #Podcast
IWF -Isaiah Washington on Freedom of Thought, the Cancel Culture, and Criminal Justice Reform   
This. And the anti-cancel culture takes actually fuel the victim status they capitalize on.
 The  assures readers that as a husband and a brother to three women he is "always committed to women's rights" –– and Tony Robbins' publicist labelled our investigation as "bullying by tabloid journalists" with a "vicious cancel culture agenda."   
some things going on here: —acceptance that people who vote hard right but say they’re open-minded are operating in good faith —claims of Christians having been insulted generally, no specific insult mentioned —conflation of birtherism and cancel culture   
Ah yes, this is definitely an example of *checks notes* cancel culture   
Former #USPresident  is drawing #praise from both sides of the political spectrum for his #criticism of #CancelCulture. What do you think of his comments?    #woke
T.I. Shares His Thoughts On Cancel Culture &amp; Kanye West   
. gives  an inside scoop about the firing of  conservatives at  and how “cancel culture” and PC Trump-haters are killing comedy.  Watch more BlazeTV FREE for 30 days ===&gt;      
Real question: has “cancel culture” canceled anyone we kinda already didn’t like that much?
Joy Behar roasted for denying wearing blackface: 'Enjoy the cancel culture you created'   
  Yep. The only cancel culture I support is narrowly focused on me canceling Kanye, and only Kanye, for his political choices.
Allowing for obvious bias, ’ piece on the flawed nature of cancel culture, and our struggle to deal with problematic artists is one of the best I’ve ever read on the subject.     
here is a piece i have been mulling over for months about 'cancel culture' as a small form of agency in a world that's impossible to truly like ethically in :)    
. gives  an inside scoop about the firing of  conservatives at  and how “cancel culture” and PC Trump-haters are killing comedy.  Watch more BlazeTV FREE for 30 days ===&gt;      
There are dudes in my mentions crying about "cancel culture" over WOODY ALLEN.  I hate to break it to you, but people have been calling Woody Allen a creepy pervert ever since he started taking his girlfriend's teenage daughter on dates to Knicks games.
Do remarks like this (re: a celebrity pseudo-scandal, if you're not following don't worry about it) mean cancel culture is a thing or is not a thing??   
Joy Behar roasted for denying wearing blackface: 'Enjoy the cancel culture you created'      
 I think we’re cancelling cancelled thoughts of cancel culture
Joy Behar roasted for denying wearing blackface: 'Enjoy the cancel culture you created'   
He looks like a good family man. I would be happy with an apology. People say stupid shit. I don’t support cancel culture especially if people who have children.   I hope he and Google apologize and he keeps his job, and goes forward with more empathy.
Ex-MSNBC journo Mark Halperin’s publisher is condemning ‘cancel culture’      
Nobody is buying Mark Halperin’s book. The disgraced journalist’s publisher lambastes "cancel culture."   
Joy Behar roasted for denying wearing blackface: 'Enjoy the cancel culture you created' | TheHill   
Nobody is buying Mark Halperin’s book. The disgraced journalist’s publisher lambastes ‘cancel culture.’    
Joy Behar roasted for denying wearing blackface: 'Enjoy the cancel culture you created'   
.:  joins the show to discuss Comics Come Home 25, cancel culture, and which Boston team has the best chance to win a title this year       
Joy Behar got called out by  for wearing Blackface.  Now she’s being roasted for denying it.  “Enjoy the cancel culture you created”     
Joy Behar roasted for denying wearing blackface: 'Enjoy the cancel culture you created' | TheHill   
Joy Behar roasted for denying wearing blackface: 'Enjoy the cancel culture you created' | TheHill   
2020 White House hopeful Rep.  (D-HI) told Breitbart News Daily that the promotion of “cancel culture” in America is a “disservice to our country” and “dangerous” because it “creates a culture of fear.”   
I wish I could cash in on the "cancel culture" aspect of motherfuckers blaming me for my ex-girlfriends suicide.  Like. How is it any mystery I'm weird about directly talking to people?   
I wish I could cash in on the "cancel culture" aspect of me being international news as a "Satanist  ANTIFA transsexual." Weird how Jesse Singal and Katie Herzog talk about how they are marginalized but like. Not to get all Chloe Sagal (like r/Contrapoints) but I mean. Fuck you.
 Spuds MacKenzie is pro-Trump and goes on Tucker Carlson to disparage cancel culture and safe spaces
Joy Behar and Whoopi were FURIOUS today that  would dare accuse Joy of wearing "blackface."  A few years ago, this is what she said:  "It was a Halloween party, I went as a beautiful African woman."  Enjoy the cancel culture you created.   
 Yea cancel culture is more like pause till they make something that slaps or someone else does something worse.
Dave Rubin whined about cancel culture at Liberty University yesterday, where they remove LGBTQ content from textbooks and agree with Ben Shapiro that Dave should be stoned to death for being gay. It’s up for debate, but Dave has a strong case for most pathetic right-wing grifter   
Hey Jeffy ⁦⁩ - why are you still here whining? ⁦⁩ told you to delete your account=&gt;  “Obama's critique of 'woke' cancel culture on social media draws bipartisan support”   
Here's the thing: the current operating definition of "cancel culture" + the outrage against "ok boomer" stems from the same sentiment, which is that Certain People are automatically entitled to respect and regard from other people, period.
   Perfectly said, Joshilyn. "How you treat a waiter" is so telling and critical BUT cancel culture is dangerous too.
This is what that #cancelculture signifying was all about
IMPORTANT: How The Left Is Weaponizing Cancel Culture To Politicize Children's Books   
cancel culture knows no ideology
AUDIO: GHS – Guest Dennis Leary gives his input on how cancel culture is effecting the world of stand-up comedy and if Louis C.K. could ever make a comeback; Leary thinks the Bruins are the most likely Boston team to win a championship this year – 11-7-19      
Cancel culture has finally peaked   
Cancel culture comes for everyone eventually     
Lol #CancelCulture
❌CANCELLED ❌  gives you his guide to Cancel Culture.  Tom Neenan is Not All Men | .   
The "cancel culture" of the US leftists is the equivalent of the purges by communists in Stalin's Russia or Mao's China.
I guess now's the point in the cancel culture discussion where I have to explain the traumatic bullshit that happened to me   
Jeff Sessions escorted from Northwestern University amid 'cancel culture' protest   
Ex-MSNBC journo Mark Halperin’s publisher condemns ‘cancel culture’      
Again: "cancel culture" is a misnomer and I think intentionally misleading, but it is also the word people currently know for the thing we're talking about. See:   
"Cancel culture is a white supremacist dog whistle" is an example of the kind of bullshit the 2012-era "left" would say as it yelled at some individual nerd at a movie theatre for what film they were seeing...  You know, just before the right took over every branch of government.
Cancel culture is out of control.   
 That's a version of cancel culture anyone can get behind.
I’ve realized I was wrong for tweeting this. If I ascribe to the tribe of cancel culture, how will our new brother feel supported as his faith is in this infantile stage. In the end, God will correct and forgive every mistake I’ve made, same for Kanye. Regardless, Jesus is King.
I try not to jump into cancel culture but some people deserve it, TI is canceled bye
cancel culture has not gone far enough
There are things I’d love to talk about on here but I just keep to myself. You know this the “cancel culture” where you speak your opinion, it offends someone so they reply with offensive opinions and try to write you off. Weird place we are in tbh.
This is your go-to for what the whole "cancel culture" "debate" is even about, by :   
Jesus, this is just gross. I’m not normally a big fan of cancel culture but welcome to the short list, T.I.      
   FYI Here's the tweet he's referring to. I call out people who are using them frivolously, not the people who ACTUALLY NEED them. But DisTwitter tried to wrap their own narrative around my tweet for their own cancel culture agenda. I stand by what I said:   
the only reason to say "cancel culture" is because that is what everyone knows it as, it is a term that gets a lot of attention, and it is an ongoing conversation that can be tapped into and explained with *actual criticism* of the ruling class's justifying ideology
cancel culture, as I have taken the time to carefully describe in my video, is a bad name for competitive ideology (stuff that exists everywhere in capitalism) manifesting as a solution to problems that are sometimes real, sometimes fake
Judd Apatow talks comedy "cancel culture" surrounding Shane Gillis, Louis C.K. and Aziz Ansari    
This is the one time cancel culture would be justified beyond reproach   
As much as I hate ‘cancel culture’, I’m always open to making an exception... RT: “TI. Said He Goes To The Gynecologist With His Daughter Every Year To "Check Her Hymen"   
Just a reminder that cancel culture is...   
cancel culture run amok
If cancel culture ever actually worked, please let it work on T.I.
 Jon Chait is gonna wait til the sun goes down before weighing in for a couple reasons   1. Fear of cancel culture 2. Cancel culture is actually the sun and it causes him to explode
 I'm really iffy on cancel culture, but...I might be convinced to change my stance on that.
Fixating on Cancel Culture in an Age of Transphobia      
TI is cancelled and cancel culture sucks but you know what... my goodness...
When cancel culture goes too far    
 Cancel Culture has finally gone too far
"This isn’t a cancel-culture call for Che’s head. But it is an exasperated plea of enough, especially for Che—and, with it, attempts at education—and how his transphobic comments about Jenner have crossed the line from provocative to irresponsible."   
wow cancel culture continues unchecked   
Jeff Sessions escorted from Northwestern U. under heavy security amid 'cancel culture' protest   
Jeff Sessions escorted from Northwestern U. under heavy security amid 'cancel culture' protest   
For paid subscribers to my newsletter, here's me on how frustratingly brain-melting all this talk of "cancel culture" has gotten, and the ways in which it makes us dumber    
I am really not for cancel culture but  needs like... an intervention.
Think of the artists who would stop a show to make sure their fans feel safe vs. an artist who spends the night using their celebrity to find vulnerable people to take advantage of.  In any genre of music. It’s not about “cancel culture” it’s about keeping people safe..
Cancel Culture, or Capitalist Culture? | Many Peters⁶⁸      
I wrote about when "cancel culture" coverage is a cover for trans antagonism.    
PSA: getting arrested, indicted, and convicted of a crime your ass committed is NOT cancel culture.
Up discussing my op-ed on Boomers, Obama, and Cancel culture for !   
Absolutely brilliant piece by  in this morning’s  on #CancelCulture though her reference to Quebec’s #Bill21 was mischievous.
 Some might say you were the original victim of cancel culture
❌ CANCELLED ❌   gives you his guide to Cancel Culture.  Listen to Tom Neenan is Not All Men on BBC Sounds 🎧      
A journalist complains about unfairly losing his job and also pointing out the fallacy of cancel culture      
Jeff Sessions escorted from Northwestern University amid 'cancel culture' protest   
In the age of online mobs &amp; cancel culture, individuals can pay a heavy price for stating uncomfortable truths...Bravo to the brave few willing to question “progressive” groupthink.        
Jeff Sessions escorted from Northwestern U. under heavy security amid 'cancel culture' protest   
#TheLittleMermaid unfairly perpetuated a shark-ist stereotype of sharks being overly aggressive monsters, out to kill anything they come across, in a blind blood lust.  #TheLittleMermaidLive should be #Canceled #CancelCulture.
Kentucky’s cancel culture is on point #KYGov
People who benefit from the status quo are leaning on cancel culture, or call-out culture, to duck responsibility, writes columnist Shree Paradkar.    
Somebody asked me what I meant by “abused language” &amp; I’ll start here:  Intersectional Trauma Abuse  Toxic Discard(ment) Disposable Ethic(al/s)  Call-Out Call-In Gentrify/Gentrification ***Forgiveness ***Ghosting SELF-CARE PROBLEMATIC CANCEL CULTURE ¡EMOTIONAL LABOR!
Whatever the state of his soul, Kanye has revealed something important: Cancel culture doesn’t understand redemption, writes    
 The issue with cancel culture is it’s inherently not inclusive (of a diversity of opinions). I agree though, that those of us who talk about it should also clearly make it known that we are pro diversity and inclusion.
Cancel culture is at the wrong place.
  Why doesn’t cancel culture work?
How many folks who were talking about “cancel culture” and toxic are gonna about face and realign
   What Matt says. Negligible issue but the chattering gang who think cancel culture is all and never shuts up about it. You know what’s an issue? Opiate addiction; the rise of white supremacy; the shitty education system for the poor. Sorry for those few professors, but get in line
What? Richard Spencer, the face of the “fine people” on the white nationalist side at the Charlottesville rally and alleged wife abuser has turned out to be a raving anti-semite and racist? Shree Paradkar on cancel culture as a way to duck responsibility    
wow cancel culture has gone TOO far this time
Cancel Culture has come full circle to mean precisely what it set out to disrupt: Mainstream Culture, wherein we call out moral atrocities and then keep it moving. Mel Gibson is a racist, but whatever.   
"The only thing worse than “cancel culture” would be “cancel culture” enforced by your state." Good thoughts here:   
Effects of so-called 'Cancel Culture' on Politics    via   #OANN
    I don’t know him and obviously don’t agree with cheating, but people do make mistakes at a young age. We need to cancel, cancel culture.
What? Richard Spencer, the face of the “fine people” on the white nationalist side at the Charlottesville rally and alleged wife abuser has turned out to be a raving anti-semite and racist? Shree Paradkar on cancel culture as a way to duck responsibility    
What? Richard Spencer, the face of the “fine people” on the white nationalist side at the Charlottesville rally and alleged wife abuser has turned out to be a raving anti-semite and racist? Shree Paradkar on cancel culture as a way to duck responsibility    
I recall life before cancel culture. It was the same but no one said "cancel culture." It's always been there, has its uses, folks often partook of it &amp; it doesn't do a thing it didn't do before media imbued it with magical properties. Basically we're reliving the oat bran craze.
What? Richard Spencer, the face of the “fine people” on the white nationalist side at the Charlottesville rally and alleged wife abuser has turned out to be a raving anti-semite and racist?  on cancel culture as a way to duck responsibility    
“Cancel culture” isn’t just an online phenomena, it’s has real-world implications for teens   
'I was not “canceled”; Gannett chose to fire me.' Reporter fired for old offensive tweets still doesn't believe in #CancelCulture   
Fired Des Moines Register Reporter Bemoans the Cancel Culture that Canceled Him, Blames Guy He Tried to Cancel     
Fired Des Moines Register Reporter Bemoans the Cancel Culture that Canceled Him, Blames Guy He Tried to Cancel   
Fired Des Moines Register Reporter Bemoans the Cancel Culture that Canceled Him, Blames Guy He Tried to Cancel   
 In America we used to assume good faith and be able to discuss hard topics... social media and cancel culture put an end to that.
What? Richard Spencer, the face of the “fine people” on the white nationalist side at the Charlottesville rally and alleged wife abuser has turned out to be a raving anti-semite and racist? Shree Paradkar on cancel culture as a way to duck responsibility    
People LOVE to hate the #media and #reporters... but sometimes the corporation behind the words is the real problem. This is #CancelCulture run amok   
had so much fun w the 2019 class of 's new voices fellows. global activists from Egypt to Tanzania are here to learn how to become better communicators. We talked about: *how to speak up amid cancel culture  *avoiding being a token POC voice *being your own hustler   
Times pieces about cancel culture are... CANCELLED!!!! (Which, with my magical cancelling power, means they’ll be about as cancelled as Mark Halperin, Ryan Lizza, Justin Trudeau et al)
amazing story here but I blame this guys editor  for thinking King’s tweets when in HS were relevant to the story of what he’s doing today. The gotcha cultural needs to draw some boundaries. Also the reporter should drop his woke handwringing on the “cancel” culture
Cancel culture accompanied by an eye roll is usually an excuse to duck accountability    via 
 Maybe we can use the magical powers of "cancel culture."  Think it will work ?
I recall life before "cancel culture." It was the same but no one said "cancel culture." It's always been there, has its uses, people often partook of &amp; it doesn't do a thing it didn't do before media imbued it with magical properties. Basically we're reliving the oat bran craze.
What? Richard Spencer, the face of the “fine people” on the white nationalist side at the Charlottesville rally and alleged wife abuser has turned out to be a raving anti-semite and racist?  on cancel culture as a way to duck responsibility   
Cancel culture: a crab bucket in which an infinite number of crabs are trying to climb up walls of infinite height.  Those that fall are crushed by those trying to reach the Light of Infinite Virtue.  The Light is as distant, cold, &amp; pitiless as Van Maanen's Star.  Good luck!
"This whole 'cancel culture' thing it's not a thing, it's not helpful, it's not progressive. We think it's progressive, but it's just about moral superiority and, really, just a new way to attack each other" 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏   
 Also his attempt to argue cancel culture isn’t real is utterly inept, especially in the last few pars, where he ties himself in knots. It’s precisely that sort of speaking with forked tongue that lets Trump get away with lining journalists up &amp; taking a pop at them.
  Sounds like he's on his own side ultimately, which is fine. Glad he isn't pretending to be a victim of nonexistent cancel culture
 Except he literally writes in the piece that what happened to him isn’t “cancel culture.”   
When cancel culture comes for me...   
   Right but just saying "Hey dude. So-and-so you said or did isn't cool because..." is not in and of itself "cancel culture"  HAHA OJ is definitely not cancelled on twitter. that's for sure. Creepy.
  Plus you can also call someone out on problematic bullshit without it being "cancel culture". The whole Cancel culture thing has been blown out of proportion to include even reasonable instances of people just pointing out legit problematic stuff.
The big secret about "cancel culture" is that it isn't real. There are only like 7 people on Twitter and it doesn't matter if they're mad at you.
Colonialism: the original cancel culture.
From : Kanye West has revealed something important: Cancel culture doesn’t understand redemption, writes    
  Hey Jeffy, why are you still here?  told all of you woke leftist loser keyboard commandos to delete your accounts.  But you’re too busy cyber bullying w/ your fake, phony cancel culture to listen. 🙄
"I still don’t believe in the boogeyman of cancel culture. I was not 'canceled'; Gannett chose to fire me. That’s an important distinction."   
I would also like to point out that I gleefully pointed out his retweet of the “cancel culture is a con” piece before  #Patriarchy
#UnpopularOpinion... this whole “cancel culture” &amp; the “#isoverparty” posts are so lame 👀
"But I still don’t believe in the boogeyman of cancel culture. I was not 'canceled'; Gannett chose to fire me. That’s an important distinction."    via 
One big problem w/cancel culture is this illusion of holding powerful people accountable via dredging up old tweets or w/e. In reality those who run society aren't on social media (w/a few exceptions). Cancel culture mobs tend to focus largely on minor trolls &amp; innocent nobodies.
 it's funny how the dude who gets an NYT writeup as a 'victim' of cancel culture is continuously and routinely at the center of trying to tear down other people
 “thank god cancel culture isnt real”
“ I still don’t believe in the boogeyman of cancel culture. I was not “canceled”; Gannett chose to fire me. That’s an important distinction.”   
#WashingtonNationals' #KurtSuzuki dons a #MAGA hat to #WhiteHouse, falls victim to 'cancel culture'      
Feitelberg flipflops on "cancel culture" after Blind Mike goes off   
Kanye has revealed something important: Cancel culture doesn’t understand redemption, writes    
No no no!!  Does cancel culture extend to upscale home goods?    
Here's the whole NYT article (generally about cancel culture and our inability to tolerate different opinions) for the curious:    
The problem with discussions of "cancel culture" is that no one really knows what cancel culture is.      
 Oh okay so "Enjoy your self masturbatory policing." wasn't sarcastic. Blah blah  Cancel Culture is just Carceral Logic blah blah.
Betsy: “I don’t know what this 'cancel culture' is, but I’m not about to get got"
 I would love the chance to speak with you, if you are willing, to get more of your side, before I go and report on my “YouTube channel” about the trouble with cancel culture and the media’s tilt toward salaciousness &amp; virality over facts, context and intent. Let me know ✌🏻
 I’m immensely confused how you can go through all of this &amp; still try to claim that “Cancel Culture” isn’t a thing? Many folks have been unjustly canceled due to the media reporting one way. You apologize, then blame your bosses, does this imply you‘re the only innocent casualty?
 I have opted completely out of the cancel culture discourse, and I feel so canceled.
The ex-Des Moines Register reporter who tried to blow up Carson King for his old Tosh jokes, then got blown up himself for his own tweets, blames his editors and "cancel culture" and Barstool Sports and everyone except himself for ruining his life.      
Another thought-provoking Philadelphia Inquirer op-ed  Cancel culture punishes young people for speaking their minds | Opinion    via 
This is hardly convincing. The irony of this person celebrating cancel culture then getting the receiving end of a vicious online mob is still an important lesson. He shouldn't have been fired, but doesn't sound like he's contemplated the problem here.   
Cancel culture punishes young people for speaking their minds | Opinion   
the X in GenX is the original cancel culture
anti cancel culture is cancel culture?
Honestly feel like we should just bring this saying back, “Coventry culture” sounds much cooler than “cancel culture”   
Anyone who ever read british boarding school books knows that cancel culture already existed, they just inscrutably referred to it as sending someone to Coventry
"Cancel culture is the catchy, divisive name given to when the underdogs fight back; push-up. This rhetoric allows “edgy” comics to paint themselves as victims and any criticism as unjust."    
"I still don’t believe in the boogeyman of cancel culture. I was not 'canceled'; Gannett chose to fire me."   
Daily News |  Cancel culture punishes young people for speaking their minds | Opinion   
This goes to my argument that complaints about 'cancel culture' are almost always misdirected away from the actual decisionmakers in these situations (bosses, college administrators and trustees, corporate executives, etc.)
  I think cancel culture is exaggerated. And the idea that teenagers are now canceling each other instead of just being, well, asshole teenagers, is a stretch.
"I still don’t believe in the boogeyman of cancel culture. I was not 'canceled'; Gannett chose to fire me. That’s an important distinction."   
 In concept, the claim makes no sense. He makes it sound like he is one of the powerful people cancel culture is wrongly invoked when it hits, as he talks about getting fired unfairly and having his life turned upside down by harassment. He clearly lacks power in this context.
Let me help with this headline.. 'OFCOM CLEARS PIERS MORGAN OF BEING TRANSPHOBIC AFTER CANCEL CULTURE SNOWFLAKES TRY TO GET HIM SACKED.'
The cancel culture discourse has now reached "trigger warning" levels of hysteria.   
TFW you promote cancel culture but then it eats you, so you continue to promote cancel culture but insist you weren’t eaten by it      via 
4/ To conclude, this piece argues:  -"Cancel culture" doesn't exist  AND  -We shouldn't immediately lump entire humans into Good/Bad categories and harm the latter  -When this happens, relatively powerless people can get punished  -Online hysteria hurts people badly  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
"cancel culture" is such a con   
  Not cancel culture, more like “my editor told me to do my job, so I did it” culture
After reading this long 1st-person essay, I am struck by two thoughts:  1) Aaron Calvin does not understand what "cancel culture" actually is, at all.  2) He still takes zero accountability for his actions and journalistic malpractice.    
This article about "cancel culture" is actually an article about people who wrote things that were legitimately harmful to trans people, were called out for it, and congregated at a site that happily hosts anti-trans content.   
‘Cancel Culture’ Is A Myth To Silence Marginalized Voices – News One   
Why is it called "Cancel Culture" and not, "You shouldn't have racist, misogynistic, homophobic, ableist or just generally bigoted individuals hurt people without consequences?"
 does this mean cancel culture is canceled
the anti-cancel culture crowd got a reporter cancelled because they thought he was trying to cancel someone else. anyway everything is stupid   
"I still don’t believe in the boogeyman of cancel culture. I was not “canceled”; Gannett chose to fire me. That’s an important distinction."       
I wish we could stop panicking about cancel culture and get back to panicking about killer bees.
Opposing cancel culture does not mean you want to give straight, white men a free pass. It means you want character to be judged more holistically; it means you want to give fair consideration to the words of the accuser and accused to determine whose story is correct.
When I talk about cancel culture, this is not what I'm talking about. (     
i just want you to know that  texted me about a rude tweet i sent him which is proof that cancel culture is REAL and it is affecting ME PERSONALLY
🚨 ICYMI last week’s 'Pardon The Disruption,' our star panel discussed:  👉 Elizabeth Warren’s hypocrisy 👉 Obama’s STOP Cancel-Culture 👉 The World Series 👉 Democrat impeachment inquisition  #ampFW [WATCH FULL]  ▶️      
There's a kind of funny consensus in/around every piece on the culture (or cAncEL cULtUre) wars where commentators are all "[solemn voice] the world doesn't belong to the Olds anymore", and like, you guys do realize that people 45+ aren't gonna die off en masse anytime soon right
So-called cancel culture — the idea that someone whose ideas or comments are considered offensive should be boycotted — is "like doing a drug," argues a Toronto psychologist.   
 Cancel culture out of control
This whole thread is a must. Cancel culture has its benefits.
Un documentario racconta vita e maschere di Jordan Peterson, il profeta più odiato dalla cancel culture – di     
“Cancel culture” isn’t a real thing #QandA
Here’s what Valerie Jarrett, a senior adviser under Fmr. Pres. Barack Obama, has to say about his recent callout of “cancel culture” and competitive wokeness.    
#CancelCulture has become the new social media catch phrase and movement...  Is it a real thing though Mchanas?   &amp; the team want to know who you've cancelled and why... do you think it actually works when you do?  Drop a VN on the  app &amp; let us know! #YMornings   
I used to despise . Especially after the drama. But after watching this documentary    my whole perception changed. Cancel culture and people getting caught up in internet drama can destroy people. Everyone makes mistakes, it’s cool to see-
Kanye has revealed something important: Cancel culture doesn’t understand redemption, writes    
Let's cancel "cancel culture."   
Here’s what Valerie Jarrett, a senior adviser under Fmr. Pres. Barack Obama, has to say about his recent callout of “cancel culture” and competitive wokeness.    
Here’s the thing about cancel culture: Brett Kavanaugh is currently sitting on the Supreme Court.   Stop being petty fools and FOCUS.
Calling for firing of sports figures for questionable on field choices in a pretend game of war is acceptable and doing so to keep people safe from rape, assault, racism, queer and transphobia is off the rails "cancel culture".   
Flisfeder says ‘cancel culture’ “represents a moment of change in our culture.”
Matthew Flisfeder in an associate professor of communication and rhetoric at the University of Winnipeg. He tells us about what the word cancel culture says about our society and how we communicate.
The Left's cancel culture backfires   
Amitay says ‘cancel culture’ “allows people to say things that are not true.”
Coming up, Dr. Oren Amitay, a registered psychologist, tells us why he has concerns about the unhealthy obsession that could be created with cancel culture and why it does little to change the views or behaviour of those “cancelled.”
👉 On this week’s episode of 'Pardon The Disruption,' our star panel talks about Senator Elizabeth Warren’s hypocrisy, Obama’s attempt to stop Cancel-Culture, the World Series, and the Democrats’ impeachment inquisition.   🚨 Premiering NOW! ▶️      
Vee Bui in Toronto says that ‘cancel culture’ is misunderstood, “what it actually provides is accountability.”
Don Holly in Toronto says 'cancel culture' “has gone too far.” For Holly he says what has upset him is that certain ‘cancelling’ reactions appear “to be letting the other side win.”
El Jones is a community advocate and sociology instructor at Mount Saint Vincent University. She tells us what’s right about the movement, but what we should consider when using the term “cancel culture.”
Next,  freelance journalist and the owner of Sunflower Media explains what cancel culture is and why some may be unfamiliar with what the term means.
#LIVE: Has 'cancel culture' gone too far? #CCCheckup with    
We’re live!   Our question this week: Has ‘cancel culture’ gone too far?   Call us: 1-888-416-8333 or email: checkup.ca   
me: just a whole-wheat everything  bagel guy: sorry, we're out. how about a regular everything?  me: yet more cancel culture. hate to see it hit a normie institution like my local bagel shop. believe me that i will be tweeting about this
While the youngs appear more like, “A baseline level of acceptance that all people, regardless of race, religion, ethnicity, origin, orientation, identity deserve respect, especially focused on those historically the subject of abuse.” OH NOES CANCEL CULTURE.
Interesting to see the age divide on “cancel culture.” The olds (like me), even self-identified progressives, are like, “Too many rules! Ideological purity! Nobody accepts differences of opinion! The PC police! It’s just a joke, for god’s sake! Canceling someone destroys them!”
Today on : cancel culture.  Joining me     &amp; El Jones    Give us a call    #CancelCulture   
Here’s what Valerie Jarrett, a senior adviser under Fmr. Pres. Barack Obama, has to say about Obama's recent callout of “cancel culture” and competitive wokeness.    
Cancel culture trying to cancel one of the funniest comedians on Earth who’s giving his fortune to animal protection. You will not find someone that’s worked with Ricky Gervais that has a bad thing to say about him. He’s awesome. It’s laughable to get this worked up over a comic.
#PowerOn: #YG Allegedly Cheats on #Kehlani, Celebs do Halloween, &amp; should we follow #TI’s thoughts on CANCELING “Cancel Culture”? 👀🔌🤔 • [WATCH]       
I have mixed feelings about call out/ cancel culture. Sometimes it's necessary &amp; the labor of call-ins shouldn't be expected. But other times it's not the best choice. It's nuanced &amp; complicated-- &gt; I’m a Black Feminist. I Think Call-Out Culture Is Toxic.   
At  we've been covering the free speech backlash since long before it started being called cancel culture. This interview with  was one of our first on the topic—and remains a favorite.   
ICYMI: Former President  says that being "woke" and promoting cancel culture is "not activism," and advised students to "get over that quickly."   
People holding hands on the running track should be cancelled (no matter where we are on the cancel culture debate).
Identity politics = never applied to white men or mainstream. Cancel culture = only applied when criticizing white men or mainstream. Woke= co-opted by white men/mainstream as pejorative when criticized.  Obama using this one-way language was either deliberate or out of touch.
  Kudos to  in her refusal to be pigeon-holed, even when there are strong incentives to do so. She declined to be part of the IDW piece by Weiss &amp; raised concerns the author of the NYT cancel culture piece ignored.         
I’m not big on either cancel culture or opining or emoting about it but this is an interesting read.    
  Grandiose?  I suspect we both could produce a number of other examples for and against ’s position. The point here is that the activism of young people online is much more complicated than the shorthand of “cancel culture.”
Dr. Oren Amitay says taking part in so-called cancel culture  "makes them feel good. It gives them an illusion of power, of control, of virtue."   
If cancel culture were that grave a concern, this image would not exist.
Here’s what Valerie Jarrett, a senior adviser under Fmr. Pres. Barack Obama, has to say about his recent callout of “cancel culture” and competitive wokeness.    
Obama’s Very Boomer View of ‘Cancel Culture’   
'Cancel  culture is worse than the systemic acts of cruelty it's trying to address' is the new 'Calling someone racist is worse than being racist'
More than being critical of call-out culture, it is the ‘cancel culture’ that we should be resisting   ThePrint's Fatima Khan  writes in #TalkPoint     
Is it time to cancel cancel culture?   
The relationship between 'cancel culture' and free speech cuts both ways.    via 
Un documentario racconta vita e maschere di Jordan Peterson, il profeta più odiato dalla cancel culture      
"The problem with criticism of the “cancel culture” is it ignores that the ones doing most of the cancelling are conservatives"  This is a  much-needed excoriation of the centrist moaning about 'cancel culture':        
So um this got pointed out to me on r/Contrapoints and like can we not compare Natalie to Chloe Sagal? And especially not in some exploitative way like "leftist cancel culture caused her to set herself on fire"?  Like, that's super fucking gross and what is wrong with you people?   
Point is: doing a story on cancel culture where you only hear from the canceled is like doing a story on Weinstein where the only people you interview are him and his people.  These people aren't doing innocuous things. They are actively engaged in harm!
oh just came across that cancel culture article for the times and hey, you wanna talk about cancel culture WITHOUT being sympathetic to transphobes?  Read my fucking book:   
When will cancel culture come for daylight savings?
cancel culture is good but only if we're cancelling obama
You know, cancel culture has never killed anyone, nazis on the other hand.
an incomplete, but compete enough, thread recording my thoughts as they have developed on "cancel culture"    
Our cartoon series, "What'd I Miss?", takes on "cancel culture" this week:   
I wish cancel culture was a thing.
 Everyone seems to be interpreting his comments differently. One side thinks he’s just talking about silly SJW cancel culture, in which case his comments are correct. Other side thinks he’s trying to silence progressive policies like healthcare, which would make him kinda evil
’s intelligent column on Cancel Culture is worth a read, particularly for its conclusion about young people “who are victims of it, and those who perpetrate its worst injustices”.    
we are calling it "cancel culture" because that is what people know it as  it's the commodification and marketization of outrage, though, and the only way it stops is if people get bored or if the person targeted kills themselves  seen it end both ways multiple times now
I'm trying to understand Millennial/GenZ cancel culture &amp; not just be an old Baby Boomer, but it seems to me that if you think  is not woke enough to understand what injustice means I think you've gone off the rails of moral progress.   
my dad has yet to respond to my text reading “death stranding is a warning about cancel culture forreal 🤔🤔🤔”
Here’s what Valerie Jarrett, a senior adviser under Fmr. Pres. Barack Obama, has to say about his recent callout of “cancel culture” and competitive wokeness.    
The Conservatives have mastered cancel culture. The ALP is running scared. By ⁦⁩    
Have to wonder how ⁦⁩ &amp; other woke leftist social justice warriors on my #TrollPatrol will be able to continue their faux outrage #CancelCulture - now that ⁦⁩ has told them to delete their accounts.   #WINNING    
Another word, like “triggered,” that is passing into ubiquity and thus irrelevance ... “cancel culture” as shorthand for “fire ‘em at the slightest hint of trouble and sort it out later” (already the American way, so it fits)   
Harvey Weinstein walks into a bar...but then his heckler gets heckled. Is cancel culture cancelled? My column this week:    
  Is there a less compelling narrative than "I was loudly for cancel culture and then I get cancelled and now I am against cancel culture and have abandoned most of my previous political stances and you should feel bad for me and also listen to my opinions"?
“‘If you haven’t been canceled, you’re canceled.’”  #cancelculture
In her junior year, L said, things got better. Still, that rush of messages and that social isolation have left a lasting impact. “I’m very prone to questioning everything I do,” she said. “‘Is this annoying someone?’ ‘Is this upsetting someone?’”  #cancelculture
"...But social media’s existence has brought that into a place where people can take something you did back then and make it who you are now.”  #CancelCulture #socialmedia
“When it comes to cancel culture, it’s a way to take away someone’s power and call out the individual for being problematic in a situation" // Tales From the Teenage Cancel Culture     #CancelCulture
  Kilstein was a victim of cancel culture. But the fact that he was influential in creating cancel culture with Citizen Radio and his social media presence is...kinda relevant.
“Before this happened, I was much more dogmatic, I was more of a purist. I’m smarter, I’m more skeptical, I’m more empathetic, and I’m much less quick to judge than I was before. And I’m much less sure of my own correctness.”  #CancelCulture
“Katie thought what we all thought: The truth will save me. That’s what Galileo thought, too, and he died under house arrest. The same thing has happened to us.” // Those People We Tried to Cancel? They’re All Hanging Out Together     #CancelCulture
. joins to talk about Fmr. President Obama’s comments on cancel culture.   
  Nice of the author to not even mention Jamie Kilstein was the king of the vegan Marxist male-feminist cancel culture Twitter bullies prior to his cancellation and rebirth as an IDW hanger-on.
#CancelCulture has GOT TO STOP
Accountability for an individuals misdeeds is important, however, I too have often found the notion of cancel culture and those on the journey to being more “woke” than all others are more divisive and often less happy than any other. Wise words from President Obama.
 I have to know...how does it feel to have  call out your entire existence as one of the leaders of the failed “woke” #CancelCulture ?  I’m worried sick about you. 😂
⁦⁩ is devastated. ⁦⁩ has called out his entire existence - his epic fail of leading the “woke” #CancelCulture   No choice Jeffy - DELETE!  Obama criticizes 'woke' cancel culture, saying it's 'not activism'   
  This piece reminds me of the Bari Weiss piece on the IDWin that it is so desperate to capture a movement that it stretches its conceptual subject beyond breaking point: if cancel culture is everything - from mild grumbling to sending people to jail - maybe its nothing.   
  The premise of the piece is that there is some sort of broad social phenomena (cancel culture) and that the victims are now bonded in some way. But that does not seem to be how they see it.   
The NY Times has a new piece about how all the victims of cancel culture are hanging out together, identifying   and Dave Rubin and my friends I do not think they are all hanging out together   
👉 On this week’s episode of 'Pardon The Disruption,' our star panel talks about Senator Elizabeth Warren’s hypocrisy, Obama’s attempt to stop Cancel-Culture, the World Series, and the Democrats’ impeachment inquisition.   🚨 Premiering NOW! ▶️      
Tales From the Teenage Cancel Culture - The New York Times   
 -  is sick &amp; tired of you cyber bullying women &amp; minorities who don’t agree with you...all in the name of your butthurt “woke” #CancelCulture - he wants you to delete your account!
⁦⁩ is calling you out ⁦⁩ &amp; all your cyber bullying since Jan 2018...delete your account!  Barack Obama criticizes social media 'woke' #CancelCulture , saying it's 'not activism'   
Wow Jeffy ⁦⁩ - even ⁦⁩ has had enough of your whining, cyber bullying “woke” #CancelCulture crap. He’s calling you out.  Delete your account!   Obama on Call-Out Culture: ‘That’s Not Activism’   
Hey Jeffy! ⁦⁩ feel good 2 get called out by ⁦⁩ in every major outlet? Like all of us, he’s sick of your butt hurt beta boy cancel culture.  ⁦⁩ on “Woke” Call-Out Culture: ‘That’s Not Activism’   
Hey Jeffy ⁦⁩ even ⁩ is calling out you faux outrage beta boys.   He’s sick of your crap.  Delete your account.  “Barack Obama criticizes 'woke' cancel culture, saying it's 'not activism' “  #Trump2020LandslideVictory    
👍🏾  Obama’s Very Boomer View of ‘Cancel Culture’   
We need to learn how to communicate with our friends when they do cross the line.  Approach your friends to teach them the right way with love.  Attacking people just creates more people who will jump on the cancel culture bus the next time something happens.
Being “cancelled” has many meanings &amp; is worthy of serious linguistic &amp; sociological study as a concept. But when ppl w great formal power (presidents! columnists with lifelong tenure!) complain about “cancel culture” they’re only meaning “disobedience to the status quo.”
"At the Obama Foundation Summit in Chicago, former President Barack Obama slammed the "cancel culture" at colleges and on social media."  Reported by  for    Click below to watch full video⬇️    
Especially if working in media - whether you're a refugee or participant outrage or cancel culture, we need real people. And if we don't spend time with them, we become even further out of touch
Maybe they’ve matured with age and it will be Rage Against Cancel Culture.
Cancel culture isn't a myth because people don't call for others to be cancelled, it's total bullshit because it's attributed to the left.   It's not difficult to make a long list of people who have been cancelled for running afoul of conservative political correctness.   
A couple’s “costume” with a predator and one of his abuse victims in 2019 is just another example showing cancel culture doesn’t exist. (But rape culture sure does)
The problem with cancel culture is that the focus lense is so short sighted.  We see someone we generally don’t know be publicly dragged for doing one wrong thing.  Save cancel culture for people who repeatedly do wrong.  Everyone can make mistakes and learn from them.
I’m with three women at breakfast and none of them have heard of cancel culture and have I mentioned how important it is to have friends who don’t live online?
ICYMI: Former President  says that being "woke" and promoting cancel culture is "not activism," and advised students to "get over that quickly."   
cancel culture rules say you can mine mental illness for a TV show gimmick, as long as you don't admit it
The NY Times did another piece on cancel culture where they just profile Rubin again, pointing out his tolerance: a gay guy who talks to Ben Shapiro!   
The #CancelCulture phenomenon will continue to have real consequences for awhile. But the word "cancel" itself will soon be rendered meaningless, the verbal equivalent of kids making a gun shape with their fingers and saying "bang, you're dead."
So many think pieces about “cancel culture!” I think stuff about it too but the main thing is that nobody has managed to actually cancel anyone. At most, we’ve put people on hiatus before they come back with an all-new season of episodes.
The term “cancel culture” is only used to punch down. It’s about people with too much power feeling a bit of narcissistic injury and attributing it to some pernicious force...when it’s just a part of living in a society.  Have they not heard of exile??
Isn’t it funny how bosses can ruin lives with their greed and personal vendettas, abusers successfully ostracize their abusers, cis people actively make deadly transphobic policies...but none are deemed victims of “cancel culture” 🤔
I mean if other people want to be friends with him I guess 🤷🏼‍♀️ but, like, yeah, dude, you cheat on your wife like that and your party invites are gonna dry up in your former social circles. That’s how shit fucking works. Glomming onto “cancel culture” just says we weren’t wrong.
A radio show *he hosted with his wife* with whom he had been in a monogamous relationship! And the women were their interns! Like, this isn’t “cancel culture” this is girl code. Your friend’s cheating piece of shit ex doesn’t get to hang even if he’s not also a #MeToo creeper.
Tales From the Teenage Cancel Culture  #News   
Don't miss me TONIGHT on   talking about Pres. Obama's "cancel culture" comments and 's #MeToo re-write of a classic song.  w/  8pm E.
Forever President #BarackObama sat on a panel with #YaraShahidi to discuss his thoughts on young activists being "politically woke" and cancel culture. " That's not activism. That's not bringing about change," he said during his #ObamaFoundationSummit. L…      
“cancel culture “ is why after millions of dollars huge access and thousands of dollars a month “social listening” tools and stalking “ influential “ accounts . They can’t tell their why people are mad because they don’t respect them till a foundation or Professor tells them
#PowerOn: #YG Allegedly Cheats on #Kehlani, Celebs do Halloween, &amp; should we follow #TI’s thoughts on CANCELING “Cancel Culture”? 👀🔌🤔 • [WATCH]       
Oh and if I’m being really 💯? The other reason you’re hearing about cancel culture so much is that the social media and PR reps of many of these people are being asked questions and it’s easier to say it’s cancel culture than to say they are bad their job
Cancel culture is cancelled   
Obama craps on 'cancel culture.'  Get's 'Okay boomer-ed' in return.  Comrade Obama not comrade enough for the young comrades.    
Was Barack Obama gerade über cancel culture gesagt hat, passt perfekt zur aktuellen Debatte über Handke: Es geht um moralische Reinheit, Eindeutigkeit und das Abschalten von anderen Meinungen (im aktuellen Fall: cancel the nobel).     
The left will try and claim that that the right does it too, and they do  But its much less common and everyone knows that cancel culture is almost exclusively a left wing phenomenon
 Sure. We all need to be less hostile. I think the cancel culture is less prevalent on the right, but I hear you. Enjoy CO.
Obama’s Very Boomer View of ‘Cancel Culture’      
Democratic “cancel culture” coming back to roost.
🧐 Tales From the Teenage Cancel Culture   
Obama’s Very Boomer View of ‘Cancel Culture’   
I have mixed feelings about so-called cancel culture, but if you hunker down with aggrieved conservatives after being cast out of liberal circles, you’re kind of making the cancellers’ case.
. may be a little too gangsta for this climate of Cancel Culture 👀 Somebody tell him it's too soon for him to retire!    
 This kid is so mad that they took a photo, he is so aware of cancel culture that he’s already admitted defeat and moved out the country.   
Expressions à la mode 2020 (prévision) : « cancel culture » 2019 : « à bas bruit », « inclusif » 2018 : « pivoter » « ça pique » 2017 : « bienveillance » 2016, « un narratif » 2015 : « disruptif »
Un documentario racconta vita e maschere di Jordan Peterson, il profeta più odiato dalla cancel culture      
. may be a little too gangsta for this climate of Cancel Culture 👀 Somebody tell him it's too soon for him to retire!    
Tales From the Teenage Cancel Culture   
“Really, this is about cancel culture” -  after seeing Jesus Christ Superstar
Listen to the latest episode of my podcast: Why am I this way? There’s only 2 types of people on this planet, which are you? #KanyeWest #JesusIsKing #WokeCulture #CancelCulture     
  There is nothing akin to a lynch mob. A lynch mob is not bullying. Bullying is punching down in a system, figuratively or literally. Cancel culture is neither of these things. I am not here to defend it, either. But these are not apt metaphors
So to sum up: Obama is a boomer and he’s canceled because he called out the horse shit that is cancel culture.  Also, my god the guy who wrote this is the most condescending self-important person on earth my gosh  Article:      
I see “cancel culture” as an attempt to work that mess out. My hope is that it gives way to a more precise instrument of accountability over time. Perhaps it will be one that resembles the justice folks have been fighting for for generations /fin
Speaking as a member of GenX (#notaboomer), there are many in our tiny generation who see the direct relationship between activists from these two gens  Opinion | Obama’s Very Boomer View of ‘Cancel Culture’ - The New York Times   
 Cancel culture is for drama and like-farming on Twitter. Joining the witch hunt and then praising the second they become "cool" again. It's confusing and obnoxious as hell.
#PowerOn: #YG Allegedly Cheats on #Kehlani, Celebs do Halloween, &amp; should we follow #TI’s thoughts on CANCELING “Cancel Culture”? 👀🔌🤔 • [WATCH]       
Editorial: When Barack Obama says cancel 'cancel culture,' Americans should listen    [Opinion]   
Obama Blasts 'Wokeness' and Cancel Culture Amongst Young Libs      
Obama attempting to cancel cancel culture is a very 2019 thing,” a Twitter user said. It wasn’t me but I agree. And it’s time.
STUDY: Networks Ignore Obama’s Knock On Cancel Culture, Woke Purity #ICYMI      
👉 On this week’s episode of 'Pardon The Disruption,' our star panel talks about Senator Elizabeth Warren’s hypocrisy, Obama’s attempt to stop Cancel-Culture, the World Series, and the Democrats’ impeachment inquisition.   🚨 Premiering NOW! ▶️      
Complaining About Cancel Culture Paid for My Second Home: a memoir.
 Agree, no one is perfect but people should be proactive about becoming better. There’s a lot of received wisdom / status quo that would go unchallenged if people didn’t put their head above the parapet and call it out. To dismiss that as ‘cancel culture’ I think is not productive
For me, cancel culture is very real - 18 months after my “incident” (you know, condemning today’s tolerated acceptance of racism, and standing up for free speech in art) I still deal with effects of being “blacklisted” and people interfere with every chance I have to make money.
Thread. I think a lot of "cancel culture" really runs along the same old tramlines of bigotry. The people who get hounded are the same as they ever were - those underlying dynamics haven't truly changed, I don' think. As for nuance, I agree there, for sure.
Cancel culture is corny. I’ve seen s people and brands canceled, yet they’re still as relevant as ever because the internet has an attention span of a goldfish.
The only people with reasonable concern about cancel culture are assholes who don’t know how to take responsibility. I don’t even know who this person is or what he got dragged for, but what a great tweet!
"If your argument is better and you make it relentlessly, you’ll win. But if you avoid actual argument and resort to slurs, cancel culture, and ever more polarizing rhetoric, you’ll lose."  —
Obama dropping some 🔥🔥🔥 bars addressing the woke/cancel culture.   
It’s not that Obama didn’t have a point, it’s just very interesting what he chooses to emphasise. Cancel culture is by no means the left’s biggest problem because those who want to do the work always will, whether they are “cancelled” or not.
it’s almost as if “cancel culture” is just holding people accountable for bad decisions and when it happens to decent people they learn from the mistake graciously instead of being victimized assholes about it forever.
I agree with his points on the cancel culture criticism of Obama. Obama is way too heavy handed with it and it serves no one. It was the whole one generation hero ball point I disagree with
once you see the pattern on here you can’t unsee it - say something intentionally inflammatory to piss off the “woke mob” - next, say “are u triggered?” “See cancel culture is destroying us” - whip up your own followers into an angry mob - collect your money - repeat
 This cancel culture is so damaging. How can our children feel free to ever learn from their mistakes when damning one another seems to be the default
cAnCeL cUlTuRe Is DeStRoYiNg OuR sOcIeTy
   I disagree.  He’s made his statement. Back and forth with the professionally offended is like tic tac toe. Nobody wins.   The cancel culture bullshit won’t be won nor make the future more  sane in the comments of twitter.    Twitter comments are where smart arguments go to die
 Cancel culture strikes again   
Ben, 17, said that people should be held accountable for their actions, whether they’re famous or not, but that canceling someone “takes away the option for them to learn from their mistakes and kind of alienates them.” #FridayFeeling #CancelCulture
[insert author]’s very Millenial view of Obama’s very “boomer” view of cancel culture . . .
I'm not a believer in cancel culture -- so I think demands like take his Heisman away are absurd. But I am a believer in treat everyone the exact same culture. Right now the media -- including the sports media -- does an absolutely pathetic job of that.
I know it's tough, but... you're cancelled.  #calledout #calledin #CancelCulture   
   #WokeCulture #CancelCulture
Lol: after engaging me in a debate about whether kids today know anything about history, dude blocked me! Cancel culture in action.
 It's in the NYT Styles section, a piece called Tales From The Teenage Cancel Culture.
HERE IT IS! In my debut op-ed for   I boldly defend “cancel culture” and explain why   misunderstood why millennials like myself partake in what Boomers like him think is simply “casting stones.”  It’s not that simple. Hold nuance.    
Morning Shots newsletter: Impeachment gets serious, the lockstep GOP, the "deep state" and bureaucracy, how Elizabeth Warren loses, and Obama cancels cancel culture     
. speaks on the cancel culture &amp; it not allowing people to truly be themselves   
What’s cancel culture really like? Ask a teenager. They know.  Great story by  and  #FridayReads   
I can't take any person who covers internet culture and uses "cancel culture" seriously for reasons like this.
Do you agree with Barack Obama's comments on "cancel" culture?   
Let’s Cancel the #CancelCulture. All we have to do is have more #conversation.     
Other than the lede, every anecdote in this piece could be rewritten as something from 1978 or 1931. Young people have always shunned/snubbed those they judged or disliked—&amp; half of these stories are about *jokes* about cancel culture.   
Opinion: SNL's Shane Gillis was "cancelled." What does that mean? And did it do anything? Tyler Malbreaux '20 comments on cancel culture.   
 To frame Trudeau as a victim of "cancel culture" when he just won another term as Prime Minister is so cringey.
TheRSMS : Obama Criticizes Cancel Culture: ‘Casting Stones’ Is ‘Not Activism’         
Tales From the Teenage Cancel Culture   
 I think he just comments rather than punches. But you can’t control it in either respect. The only control you have is exposure to it. The jokes stand or fall on audience response. Subjective offence isn’t a justification for cancel culture. X
Discovered a new online character: -Supports Bernie, but thinks his supporters should use more slurs -Constantly complains about “cancel culture” -Claims to not like/care about AT, but gets mad whenever she’s criticized -Hopes Nick Mullen sees their tweet -In 8 Epstein DMs
This version of 44 couldn’t come at a better time #CancelCulture #WokeCulture   
allegedly progressive former President clutches pearls about "cancel culture" and "PC gone mad" on the internet. meanwhile, racist, fascist piece of shit remains in the white house, and the far right continues killing people. hurrah.
Let’s be real: the #cancelculture is driven by the left trying to silence or browbeat into submission those on the right and businesses. I made the case just now on . Raise your hand 🙋‍♂️ 🙋🏾‍♀️ if you agree?   
Spannendes Stück über den Begriff #CancelCulture in der Jugendkultur und wie der YouTube-Begriff in Sprache übergegangen ist 💬 “It’s a joke, but still, we understand you have that opinion now and we’re not going to get closer”   
Tv Alert: joining  today at 5:50 to discuss  calling out  #CancelCulture #WokeCulture. Appreciate what he said but the horses are out of the barn. Ironically there is a #CancelObama?  see you soon.   
 weighs in on "cancel culture" and being "woke" in 2019 at #ObamaFoundation summit
If we are going to go back to this tired conversation solely because Obama said something about it, let’s at least do so productively. I suggest revisiting ’s essay, one of the smartest observations of “cancel culture” that I’ve read to date.   
We joke about cancel culture but there is something deeply sad about this story. I’m ready for the backlash that leads to peak empathy culture.   
For all the talk against cancel culture going on, it’s a joke compared to reality.   
 Wasn’t TI trying to cancel Gucci? But now cancel culture is fake? The guys belief system changes when the wind blows.
[VIDEO] T.I. Talks “Cancel Culture” And More….   
Cancel culture is good because without it we would never have been gifted this glorious example of unhinged boomerdom    
“Cancel Culture is toxic !!! So we can preserve civility!!! “ “okay so nobody can ask real questions because it’s toxic and people get canceled “ “Were reporter’s and have to show the world “ “ bye “
Oh and it’s funny we jawing about Cancel Culture but the white folks quick to be mad about it ain’t make the connection to that dialogue to what happened to Deadspin
 True, but the blanket condemnation sounds so out of touch and self righteous to me  Examples of cancel culture gone amuck abound...the one that sticks with me is the woman who made a bad joke about not getting AIDS before takeoff and got fired/internet mob shamed by landing. 🤦🏼‍♀️
The stone casters of cancel culture land who constantly have to find new ways to add "phobia" to things as a put-down need to find a lexicon one day.  Example: Just because I rarely drink alcohol doesn't mean I'm irrationally afraid of it. Just like most vegans aren't carnophobes
WATCH: Former President Obama says that being "woke" and promoting cancel culture is "not activism," and advised students to "get over that quickly."   
A new form of cruelty.  #cancelculture   
rebranding cancel culture as "accountability culture" so boomers will stop writing thinkpieces for a couple of months while they adjust
🎥 breaks down President Barack Obama's push back against "cancel culture" and explains how the Left created it.  FULL VIDEO ==&gt;      
I say this all the time on this app. The holier than thou, lynch mobbers on here are the most annoying people ever. Also was told cancel culture isn’t real.   Thank you, President Obama!
Dave Chappelle, Eddie Murphy And Other Comedians Blast 'Cancel' Culture    via 
The cancel culture, from the mouths of teenagers:    via 
Tales From the Teenage Cancel Culture   
STUDY: Networks Ignore Obama’s Knock On Cancel Culture, Woke Purity      
                   I don’t think Scott is suggesting we need to be all fuzzy &amp;non-critical with one another. Smart, tough  criticism is essential to intellectual  growth. Let’s replace #CancelCulture with #ReasonAndDebateCulture
🎥 discuss former President Barack Obama's comments on cancel culture and getting over being "woke."  FULL VIDEO ==&gt;      
You know what’s scary? Getting caught by cancel culture. Get this shirt instead of getting canceled.  =&gt;      
Tales From the Teenage Cancel Culture    by  &amp; 
OPINION: Obama broke down 'cancel culture' and claims of being 'woke' and why it's actually detrimental to activism. But there are important reasons why he's absolutely correct.    
Tales From the Teenage Cancel Culture   
Tales From the Teenage Cancel Culture   
Barack Obama warns ‘woke’ young people against social media outrage and ‘cancel culture’   
Nothing Is Scarier Than 'Teenage Cancel Culture' (And More End-Of-Day Links)   
The truth of the matter is that  is a human monster, and I personally have seen him do unspeakable things to  . Only by following him relentlessly do you have any chance of #CancelCulture-ing this 🤡. Get on it before he escapes!! 
"It’s always good to see prominent people taking a stance against the febrile cancel culture. But for people like  who bear some responsibility for stoking that culture, perhaps a little self-reflection is also in order." By     
 Aggressive "wokeness" fuel the #cancelculture. I'm in the middle with regard to both.
Cancel Culture. ##Canceled  #HappyHalloween   
‘Tales From the Teenage Cancel Culture’   
We talked to Vietnamese-American poet Ocean Vuong about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
Which is totally fine. I'd just like for comedians to admit that making these jokes is more profitable than it isnt. Lots of people complaining about cancel culture while making a lot of money telling the same transphobic jokes that aren't even funny lol.
Obama calls out cancel culture!   
Sexy derisive “wow, you guys really hate gays with abs, huh?” comment from a gay with abs Sexy directorial “return to form” Sexy non-disclosure agreement Sexy millennial scammer Sexy overuse of the word "trauma" Sexy complaint about “cancel culture”
Tales From the Teenage Cancel Culture   
  #CancelCulture needs to destroy Facebook. Time to log off that shit.
Great words from  that a lot of people don’t want to hear but need to hear.  Cancel culture doesn’t bring about change. Neither does absolutism. Being woke is not real life. There is nuance.     
Obama calls out 'woke' cancel culture: 'That's not activism'   
WATCH: Former President Obama says that being "woke" and promoting cancel culture is "not activism," and advised students to "get over that quickly."   
Come for Obama stay for 's description of cancel culture.      
Outlining a video on cancel culture and how it’s both good and bad and like an hour into the outline I got to intersectionality and guys, I don’t think anyone fully grasps the power and understanding queer women of color possess. There’s so much to research
T.I. Shares His Thoughts On Cancel Culture &amp; Kanye West   
Barack Obama’s warning about cancel culture goes viral   
 Listen, I’ve legit seen prominent figures of the #metoo movement get cancelled. Hannibal Buress got cancelled yesterday on twitter for being a landlord…ive seen it all and don’t put it post cancel culture to try it at least lol shits wild but completely problematic
I'll be with my longtime friends on  around 2pm eastern celebrating MY former president, Barack Obama, for finally getting something right-- calling out #CancelCulture  Listen live in #EIRE or online at      
cancel culture is out of control
'Not Activism': Watch as a Smackdown on the Toxicity of Woke/Cancel Culture Is Delivered by ... Barack Obama -- via  - #ICYMI   
Cancel culture ja woke ja komedia.   Tuoreessa Vanity Fairissa mielenkiintoinen sitaatti siitä, miksi Todd Phillips lopetti komediat ja teki leffan ”Joker”.  ”It’s hard to argue with 30 million people on Twitter.”  Niinpä.   
 Obama: [extrajudicially kills 16 year old American over his father’s YouTube videos] gotta say... cancel culture is out of control
  Unsolicited statement. Cancel culture applicable.
🎥 breaks down President Barack Obama's push back against "cancel culture" and explains how the Left created it.  FULL VIDEO ==&gt;      
  Couldn't care less about peoples political opinions. I was nice to all of that group for years. Guess they didn't like my comments on tailgating etiquette because I'm not WOKE enough. Glad President Obama reminding these woke dopes that cancel culture is bullshir
Reading NYT times-ify high school cancel culture drama is truly making my day      
Is Katie Hill a victim of “revenge porn,” or is she a #MeToo abuser? Or both?? On my latest pod, I ask . We also discuss Jordan Peterson’s diet, Naomi Wolf (and the perils of not having a fact checker), the evils of “cancel culture,” &amp; more!   
President Obama advocates for canceling cancel culture: "People who do really good stuff have flaws"   
Barack Obama speaks out against online cancel culture:   
Barack Obama has a message about being politically woke. Speaking at an Obama Foundation Summit in Chicago, the former President offered his thoughts on cancel culture, saying people who are always "politically woke" should "get over that quickly."      
 It’s divisive. I just want companies to provide a product. With cancel culture you have to step carefully.  Supporting say stray animals is one thing but hot topics is another
🎥 discuss former President Barack Obama's comments on cancel culture and getting over being "woke."  FULL VIDEO ==&gt;      
WATCH: Former President Obama says that being "woke" and promoting cancel culture is "not activism," and advised students to "get over that quickly."   
  and thats okay.  U can stop listening to them.  But u r not actively harassing them daily on their ignorance and garbagely skewed views. There is a difference between that and joining in on cancel culture where people just tweet mean stuff to that individual all day every day
The irony is that Obama helped sow the seeds of the cancel culture and leftist outrage he now bemoans.   
Former President Obama said that being "woke" and promoting cancel culture was "not activism" and advised students to "get over that quickly."  Networks gave it zero attention. via    
 How “What’s Yr Take on Cassavetes” Predicted Cancel Culture
 cancel culture is real, but only towards The Mask specifically
'Not Activism': Watch as a Smackdown on the Toxicity of Woke/Cancel Culture Is Delivered by ... Barack Obama -- via  - #ICYMI   
Please subscribe to my podcast: The  Interview with Nick Gillespie. Just talked with  on cancel culture and feminisim; will be talking    in coming weeks.   
It's nice that Obama criticizes cancel culture and woke online outrage, but the seeds of these things were planted during his tenure in the White House. "The debate is over" was Obama's mantra; today that's the mantra of the woke mob.    
where were all the people speaking out against "cancel culture" when it was time to protect "Emily's Reasons Why Not"
So far as I can tell "cancel culture" is a few off color comedians and racist political provocateurs getting fewer paid gigs at universities than they feel ENTITLED to. Am I missing anything?
T.I. doesn’t believe in cancel culture, "I think it’s fake."      
What Barack Obama gets exactly right about our toxic 'cancel' culture       
When Barack is not a hero! Where is Al Roker now?  ABC, CBS, NBC disregard President Obama’s call to end cancel culture, acting ‘woke’   
Eddie Murphy, Dave Chappelle and more comedians weigh in, bluntly, on 'cancel culture'    #FoxNews
President Obama cautions against "woke" cancel culture: "If all you're doing is casting stones, you're probably not going to get that far."   
This debate on Barak Obama’s comments challenging woke/cancel culture and calling for more nuance would’ve been much more... erm... nuanced (and interesting) if they hadn’t invited Douglas Murray on to talk about it 🙄 #r4today
“I want to give props to Barack Obama. He went after identity politics, he went after the idea of woke absolutism, and he went after the cancel culture.”— on the former president's remarks at the annual summit of the Obama Foundation.   
What Barack Obama gets exactly right about our toxic "cancel" culture | Analysis by CNN's Chris Cillizza      
WATCH: President Obama on online cancel culture: "This idea of purity and you're never compromised and you're always politically woke, and all that stuff — you should get over that quickly."   
    You keep saying you’re not talking on anyone’s character - but that’s what you keep doing. And you’re complaining about cancel culture while trying to cancel Shane and the conspiracy palette. You’re words do not reflect your actions.
So when shit goes left ? The work of trying to fix it is now not work but not being part of “cancel culture” and this not worth as much. What’s worse ? They don’t know their doing it
Barack Obama has a message about being politically woke. Speaking at an Obama Foundation Summit in Chicago, the former President offered his thoughts on cancel culture, saying people who are always "politically woke" should "get over that quickly."      
Oh and teh constant critique of “cancel culture “ is to minimize dissent and devalue the labor of the one consistent section of the internet that has kept it self relatively self correcting : black women/ Black LGBTQIA/ d’Isabelle and communities in solidarity
Barack Obama Calls Out Online Cancel Culture: ‘This Is Not Activism’ – Rolling Stone   
I mean the real truth is that journalism and media’s refusal to engage is probably the biggest factor in misinformation bar none , but  something something cancel culture
Barack Obama se hace viral tras posicionarse en contra de la conocida como 'cancel culture'.   
CANCEL CULTURE:   #FoodTruck Owner Apologizes For Selling #Tacos to  Agents     
. says "AMEN" to Obama's remarks calling out cancel culture, but  isn't buying the former president's sudden return to sanity.  "I wish he did this before he basically founded the woke culture."  Full episode:      
.'s much-debated comments on #CancelCulture &amp; #Wokeness are exactly the kind of nuanced, proactive discussion we need: -He doesn't "slam" the idea of criticizing those who need it. -His point: It isn't ENOUGH. ...Watch it &amp; judge for yourself.
Barack Obama has a message about being politically woke. Speaking at an Obama Foundation Summit in Chicago, the former President offered his thoughts on cancel culture, saying people who are always "politically woke" should "get over that quickly."      
Morning and evening   and  disregard President Obama’s call to end cancel culture, acting ‘woke’   
 I mean compared to the right... caging babies and all that... but yeah, cancel culture is SO dangerous!!!!
 Totally, but cancel culture wouldn't exist in the first place if the marginalized wasn't constantly silenced. Therefore take the good and the bad, and realistically cancel culture hasn't really ruined THAT many ppls lives, a few privileged casualties is nothing to worry about lol
Former President  is absolutely correct about "cancel culture."   Where  keep getting tripped up is the part where he tries to reconcile Obama’s words with the fact that he was also the “cancel culture” president.     
Morning and evening   and  disregard President Obama’s call to end cancel culture, acting ‘woke’      
Idk.... how about we stop critiquing cancel culture and start listening to marginalized voices
#TI says "all this cancel culture, I think it’s fake"   
¿Cómo llamamos a la 'cancel culture' en español? No encuentro referencias que me gusten.
'Not Activism': Watch as a Smackdown on the Toxicity of Woke/Cancel Culture Is Delivered by ... Barack Obama -- via  - #ICYMI   
Barack Obama calls for an end to cancel culture:      
"That’s not activism."   speaks on "cancel culture" in the age of social media activism.      
I’m so glad  spoke up today against cancel culture. The self righteousness of people who are constantly triggered by the outrage culture on social media is like political correctness on steroid, we should strive to be way more tolerant of others
. says "AMEN" to Obama's remarks calling out cancel culture, but  isn't buying the former president's sudden return to sanity.  "I wish he did this before he basically founded the woke culture."  Full episode:      
T.I. calls ‘Cancel Culture’ fake👀🤔  Do you think we, as a culture, can successfully cancel something or nah???🤷‍♂️🗣  NEW EP.👉      
Interesting conversation today with  on #CancelCulture.  A sad and scary trend.    
Cancel culture treats the symptom not the disease. Forcing consciousness on people will only make them resent you.
'Not Activism': Watch as a Smackdown on the Toxicity of Woke/Cancel Culture Is Delivered by ... Barack Obama -- via  - #ICYMI   
Barack Obama Blasts Cancel Culture: 'That Is Not Activism'.  #BarackObama #USPolitics    
🎥 debunks a media pundit's notion that "cancel culture is just democracy."  FULL VIDEO:      
T.I. Says Cancel Culture Is “Fake”: “You’ll Keep Wearing Gucci, But You’ll Cancel Kanye”      
Obama Talks Being ‘Woke’ and Slams Cancel Culture at Obama Foundation Summit: “People Who Do Really Good Stuff Have Flaws”      
Obama called out call-out/cancel culture and said "Like if I tweet or hashtag about how you didn't do something right or used the wrong verb then I can sit back and feel pretty good about myself because 'Man, did you see how woke I was? I called you out'" &amp; I hope y’all felt that
someone tell Barack Obama that cancel culture doesn't exist.     
If you think you're politically "woke", former US President Barack Obama has a message for you... Do you think "cancel culture" has gone too far?   
Barack Obama on “Cancel Culture”: “There is this sense sometimes of ‘the way of me making change is to be as judgmental as possible about other people, and that’s enough’...That’s not activism.”   
I published “Episode 1: Cancel Culture” on    
T.I. thinks cancel culture is fake:   "You’ll keep wearing Gucci but you’ll cancel Kanye.”   
I’m not for cancel culture unless in present time your policies suck and you still try to pretend you’re progressive.
T.I. says cancel culture is "fake" and "convenient."      
Barack Obama speaks out against online cancel culture   
Barack Obama Calls Out Online Cancel Culture: ‘This Is Not Activism’ – Rolling Stone   
His presidency was apart of the rise of social media &amp; cancel culture. During his presidency black lives matter was created and used social media to amplify cases &amp; get small steps of justice. Is that what you’re mad at? Come on B.O, young people aren’t criticising y’all methods!
cancel culture isn’t real but it should be
                  Forget #cancelculture, I’m all about #promotionculture. Let’s build each other up and accept the messiness of human existence, brother!
me looking at the obama cancel culture newscycle: uggggh! michelle save us!!!
Many of you have asked my thoughts on  ‘s recent quotes about Woke Cancel Culture.. thought we can discuss LIVE! Right Now      
Barack Obama questions social media justice and cancel culture: "That's not activism."      
It’s so easy to call out “woke” people and cancel culture, mocking it is the new “I’m not politically correct” circular brag.   I don’t like this easy target practice from Obama- would prefer more specific examples.
'Not Activism': Watch as a Smackdown on the Toxicity of Woke/Cancel Culture Is Delivered by ... Barack Obama -- via  - #ICYMI   
Didn't quite love Obama's latest lecturing on "woke" and "cancel" culture.   
How dare  think for himself in 2019 cancel culture? How dare Hannibal Buress have enough of a brain to do math? Better if he lies to you and tells you this socialism nonsense will work so you get screwed by it.
I'm better at writing than I am at talking, but if you want to hear me talk Morrissey and cancel culture with   and #stephenmetcalf on  you are in luck.
  Except that "cancel culture" is often applied to people with whom we simply disagree.
 It’s not true. And it’s not relevant to what Obama spoke about, either. There’s a difference between cancel culture and criticism, empty social media activity and action. You don’t have to agree with my opinions, but I’d also ask you don’t invent things I haven’t done.
Does cancel culture equal real change?  says no. #bethechange #radicalempathy
Barack Obama Calls Out Online Cancel Culture: ‘This Is Not Activism.’ #courage   
"One of the best ways to combat cancel culture is for more liberals in good standing to condemn it. Obama scolding the scolds should always be treated as a welcome development."  Love this from :     
 the other type of "cancel culture"
What Barack Obama gets exactly right about our toxic "cancel" culture | Analysis by CNN's Chris Cillizza      
‘Cancel Culture’ Is Canceled      
The latest from Christine Rosen: Obama takes a deserved swing at cancel culture, but his caution betrays the strength of this leftist movement.   
What Barack Obama gets exactly right about our toxic 'cancel' culture - CNNPolitics   
Remember when Michael Richards got cancelled in 2006 for being a massive racist on stage? God, imagine if that had happened now during ‘cancel culture’. He’d be bouncing back with a worldwide tour within a year.
 Did he say something about "cancel culture"? 🤔 Because that's not actually a real thing.
Obama on "cancel culture": "That's not activism. That's not bringing about change. if all you're doing is casting stones, you're probably not going to get that far. That's easy to do."  #truth
"2019 may be the year #cancelculture cancels itself," says  author of The Problem with Everything. She tells  why she's critical of fourth-wave feminism and proud of Gen X's "toughness" in new podcast.   
 Thank you and appreciate your comment--I'm so concerned re the toxicity of "woke" and "cancel" culture that I welcome any progress we can make!
Barack Obama criticizes 'woke' cancel culture, saying it's 'not activism.'      
 Listen to the whole thing pls, it’s clearly not about cancel culture, he is referring to attacks from the progressive flank of the party, and conflating that into a critique of wokeness.
T.I. doesn’t believe in cancel culture, "I think it’s fake."      
People who complain about non-exist cancel culture always dismiss people on Twitter as if we don't exist off this app.  We are real people, you know. And guess what? We STILL think bigotry is bad when we're offline!
President Obama gets candid with Yara Shahidi about online bullying, harassment, and cancel culture: "This idea of purity and you're never compromised and you're always politically woke, and all that stuff — you should get over that quickly."   
Has cancel culture gone too far
You know woke cancel culture is out of control when even Obama is blasting it.   
Obama going after 'wokeness'and 'cancel culture.' Good to see.
WATCH: Barack Obama Calls Out Cancel Culture &amp; 'Political Wokeness'   
T.I. Shares His Thoughts On Cancel Culture, Kanye West, Nipsey Hussle And More With Tamron Hall   
'Not Activism': Watch as a Smackdown on the Toxicity of Woke/Cancel Culture Is Delivered by ... Barack Obama     
Cancel culture and purity test rants aren’t activism, it’s noise that divides us, ignores how the real world works, and helps the opponent win.    “The world is messy. There are ambiguities. People who do really good stuff have flaws." -   
SHAPIRO: No Leftists, Critics Of Cancel Culture Don’t ‘Hate Democracy’      
 Im attacking him bc he bailed out the wealthiest people in the country, committed war crimes &amp; sold out the social movements that got him elected, now he's lecturing people about cancel culture while Trump is in control of the deportation/surveillance/natsec machine he built. Foh
"Cancel Culture is about canceling, it’s not about you not wanting to participate in patronage of some artist. Everybody does that all the time." -     
Looks like Jeffrey Epstein was strangled to death by cancel culture.
🎥 debunks a media pundit's notion that "cancel culture is just democracy."  FULL VIDEO:      
"That’s not activism."   speaks on "cancel culture" in the age of social media activism.      
Former President Barack Obama called out "woke" and cancel culture, advising students to "get over that quickly" and saying it's "not activism."   
Barack Obama has a message about being politically woke. Speaking at an Obama Foundation Summit in Chicago, the former President offered his thoughts on cancel culture, saying people who are always "politically woke" should "get over that quickly."      
Barack and Michelle Obama call out the surge of 'cancel culture' and white flight   
Conservative writer John Hayward examines Barack Obama's own role in the rise of the same cancel culture he's decrying today   
The power of cancel culture really takes people down! Like, do you remember when photos of Justin Trudeau in blackface surfaced, ppl concerned about racial justice critiqued him, &amp; his cancelation came in the form of...Obama endorsing him &amp; Trudeau being re-elected as Canada PM?
Former President Barack Obama called out "woke" and cancel culture, advising students to "get over that quickly" and saying it's "not activism."   
 wow consider online cancel culture?? slammed
Former President Barack Obama President Obama on being woke and cancel culture: 'That's not activism' at the Obama Foundation summit.   
Obama Cancels Cancel Culture: ‘That&amp;#39;s Not Activism’    via 
harvey weinstein’s actors hour fiasco is proof that ‘cancel culture’ is bullshit   
Barack Obama speaks out against online cancel culture   
grandpa: why is everything in ruins?  me: our best minds were consumed debating cancel culture
Barack Obama speaks out against online cancel culture   
Barack Obama calls out cancel culture: ‘That’s not activism'   
T.I. recently stated that ‘Cancel Culture’ is “fake.” 🤔  Do you think we, as a culture, can successfully cancel something or nah? NEW EP.👉      
Obama on purity culture, cancel culture  💯   
 I don’t think people are asking for perfection. People are here simply telling others to stop destroying lives. We have to be careful with words with use here but they don’t have to on those stages? The hypocrisy is astounding. Cancel culture is a mild annoyance to them.
what account was the first account to tweet the phrase “cancel culture” and in what context did they tweet it?
These are some solid observations about cancel culture. Some of which  also touched on recently.
'That's not activism': Barack Obama (yes, that one) speaks some truth on cancel culture and wokeness [video]   
What Barack Obama gets exactly right about our toxic "cancel" culture | Analysis by CNN's Chris Cillizza      
Barack Obama questions social media justice and cancel culture, "that's not activism."      
 Cancel culture hasn’t really cancelled many people. Many barbaric men still have fruitful jobs. Some even get elected to the White House. Others are getting speaking engagements and deals. We’re sold propaganda from left to right but the bad guys are the kids online.
*sigh* Cancel culture only exists in the fevered imaginations of powerful white men.
  that's not a purity test then, that's just the same candidate loyalty shit that has happened for years and years and will continue to happen for years and years, the only difference is that people can now attribute it to "cancel culture"
Obama Calls Out Cancel Culture (And More Midday Links)   
   Words of wisdom. Adults understand that people are complicated and complex; cancel culture types don't get it.
Good news for people worried about "cancel culture." Barack Obama shares your concerns!
President Obama cautions against "woke" cancel culture: "If all you're doing is casting stones, you're probably not going to get that far."   
Obama Blasts Cancel Culture And Internet Outrage Cycles: ‘You Should Get Over That Quickly’   
  Can you point to specific examples where I engage in "cancel culture" and/or espouse things online that I don't back up or work to advance in life?
What Barack Obama gets exactly right about our toxic 'cancel' culture       
 Too many people have forgotten the NSDAP was a left socialist party with the same rhetoric as the left is pushing today. Cancel culture and all.
Hire a RW bigot and crackpot conspiracy theorist to show you aren't 'liberal."  End up firing him because WTF?   Spark a new round of derp over cancel culture and the media persecuting RWers.  Lather, rinse, etc.    "CNN defends new contributor Sean Duffy"   
President Obama on being woke and cancel culture: 'That's not activism' ... he’s right.    via 
Good morning to everyone except the people who once served as President of the United States, still hold immense influential power and decide to tell the rest of us about cancel culture.
Este video es realmente bueno,  te explica que es el “cancel culture” y el poco valor de muchas cosas que hacemos señalando a otros por lo que “hacen mal”   
Yesterday I was asked for my insights on #CancelCulture, and I was honest. While I’m all for accountability, demanding the elimination of aspects of culture or people is counterintuitive to societal growth &amp; understanding. Don’t agree with me? Here’s another POV. #WednesdayWisdom
 The first part of her statement is incredibly ignorant. Lots of folks who’ve been canceled - some who didn’t do anything wrong - are not “back”. They are not the same mentally. They do not have it easy in the slightest. There is no “cancel culture” is the wrong take to share.
Barack Obama calls out cancel culture: ‘That’s not activism, that’s not bringing about change’      
Interesting comments from Obama on “cancel culture” and purity tests among the “woke” —&gt;
Obama is right, but he's not criticizing "cancel culture" alone (whatever you think that is). He's criticizing attempts to force normal people into black-and-white good/evil boxes, because most humans are more complicated than that and shouldn't be reduced to their worst tweet.
Obama cancels Twitter outrage and cancel culture: "That's not activism"   
Diskutieren wir doch zur Abwechslung mal daran, auch der paradoxen Situation, dass offenbar die Verweigerung einer Stellungnahme des Verdächtigen + viele Gegenstimmen als Unausgewogenheit gewertet wurden, offen und ernsthaft "Cancel culture", Artikel 5 und die Zielkonflikte.
👀  Cancel culture is on life support.   Let’s pull the plug.
  Exactly! And look at the Oval Office... SCOTUS... clearly cancel culture isn't actually A Thing
"People who do really good stuff have flaws... There is this sense sometimes that the way of me making change is to be as judgmental as possible about other people."  --  cancels online cancel culture   
Barack Obama calls out cancel culture: 'People who do really good stuff have flaws'   
Ça fait du bien d’entendre une personnalité comme Obama souligner que, en gros, personne n’est parfait - et que l’idée de la « cancel culture » est à fois conne et loin d’être de l’activisme qui fait changer les choses
Former President  rips cancel culture and and people who look to create outrage:  “This idea of purity and you're never compromised and you're always politically woke, and all that stuff, you should get over that quickly.”   
President Obama cautions against "woke" cancel culture: "If all you're doing is casting stones, you're probably not going to get that far."   
 I'd argue cancel culture doesn't exactly exist and it's a phrase used by the most powerful to dismiss and gaslight regular people who call out oppressive/abusive/inappropriate behavior.
 That's not cancel culture.  Cancel culture doesn't exist.
Obama talks cancel culture: "This idea of purity and you're never compromised and you're always politically woke and all that stuff: you should get over that quickly. The world is messy.”   
Making way for wife in 2024 as a moderate  ? Obama sounds off on cancel culture, 'woke' purity: 'That's not activism'    
Obama: ‘Get Over’ Being ‘Woke,’ Stop Online Outrage Cancel Culture      
The only cancel culture I fully endorse is cancelling plans to go out just because.
President Obama on being woke and cancel culture: 'That's not activism'    via 
 what is #cancelculture
My favourite thing is about #CancelCulture is people who made their careers cancelling people talking about how toxic cancel culture is.
Obama criticizes the cheap-talk virtue-signaling at the heart of woke online cancel culture.
Online Cancel Culture. Waarom oververhitte activisten die altijd gelijk willen halen uiteindelijk geen gelijk krijgen.
My issue is with how arbitrary, inconsistent, and hypocritical twitter "cancel culture" is. People make excuses for the celebrities they like and the people in their cliques.
WATCH: President Obama on online cancel culture: "This idea of purity and you're never compromised and you're always politically woke, and all that stuff — you should get over that quickly."   
Barack Obama calls out cancel culture: ‘That’s not activism'   
   Not believing someone deserves a particular job is different than believing someone doesn’t deserve any job. You’re smart enough to understand this, right? Just like wanting a coach fired for stinking at his job isn’t cancel culture either. Use your brain.
WATCH: President Obama on online cancel culture: "This idea of purity and you're never compromised and you're always politically woke, and all that stuff — you should get over that quickly."   
Barack Obama calls out cancel culture: ‘That’s not activism'   
Obama attempting to cancel cancel culture is a very 2019 thing
WATCH: President Obama slams online cancel culture: "This idea of purity and you're never compromised and you're always politically woke, and all that stuff — you should get over that quickly."   
"if all you're doing is casting stones, you're not going to get that far"  Barack Obama just summer up my thoughts on cancel culture and mob mentality to a T.
Kanye West raised the prospect of “going Alex Jones level” as he railed against cancel culture and the attempt to diminish Christianity in America.    
T.I. Shares His Thoughts On Cancel Culture &amp; Kanye West      
     The ol cancel culture. Be careful what you wish for. Now let’s see all your past texts/emails. 😂😂😂
  Few in sports — or media in general — fight cancel culture more than me. Read more &amp; listen better, bud.
Cancel culture and the political correctness epidemic are poisonous! Dave Chappelle stands up for the First Amendment and I’m hoping other stars follow his lead. Just remember, the First doesn’t exist without the Second! I’ll discuss on  in 10 mins!
. on #CancelCulture   
I hate cancel culture ... but undercover love it too because it exposes the hypocrisy in all of us.   It’s easy to jump on a hashtag bandwagon until it’s about someone you know &amp; love or IT’S ABOUT YOU!
Critics of "cancel culture" really just hate democracy, writes  in    
Bound to find its way into the Democratic primary and  the bleary online cancel culture debates but in fairness  has always had this disposition.
 We live in cancel culture now. It will matter to young people more than ever.
I’m not political on Twitter - I want to be friends with both sides, because I want a big audience. But Obama crushed it here on the Twitter/social media Cancel Culture.  It’s pack mentality groupthink at its worst. You’re no superior than anyone
Worthwhile watch. Full discussion also included a critique of “cancel culture.”
Well said, . Former president calls out woke cancel culture.   
“This idea of purity and you’re never compromised and you’re always politically woke and all that stuff, you should get over that quickly. The world is messy. There are ambiguities.”  Barack Obama skewers cancel culture. Hear hear.    
T.I. explains why he doesn't  believe in "cancel culture."   Watch:      
Former President Obama to young people: “This idea of purity and you're never compromised and you're politically woke, and all that stuff — you should get over that quickly”  Obama goes on to slam people who engage in cancel culture and who look to create constant online outrage   
Cancel Culture loading...
Obama shoots down 'woke' political purists, derides cancel culture on social media and college campuses   
Cancel culture is real and it’s me encouraging everyone to set calendar alerts so they can take full advantage of trial subscriptions without ever paying these stupid companies.
There's a terrible "old school" Australian metal band who desperately need a wake up call from the cancel culture in light of some of their recent questionable antics, behaviours and mentalities...
Cancel culture is getting super interesting.    
 surely she is aware of what “abuses women” is read as, given her criticism of cancel culture
The Washington Post this week:  "Austere religious scholar"  "Actually, blowing yourself and children up isn't cowardly."  "Cancel culture is good"  And now...  "F*ck free speech"    
Dave Chappelle is not a fan of cancel culture.   
Yall love saying folks are contributing to "cancel culture." That man has tenure which *literally* can't be canceled. Move along.
In what he said was an unscripted acceptance speech on Sunday night, comedian Dave Chappelle continued his recent campaign against cancel culture—while openly defying a smoking ban and defending the right to bear arms too.    
 Well, to be fair, cancel culture isn’t actually a thing... except for the Dixie Chicks, maybe.
“Cancel Culture” hard at work....
 Just some sarcasm to express my annoyance with “cancel culture.”
As a gatekeeper in the comedy scene,  has a unique perspective on laughing, cancel culture, and the nature of speech. From our #BHeard Town Hall:   
 Cancel culture out of control
Can we hold off on judging cancel culture until after we clean up the Sean Duffy problem?
Our shows are where you find topics ranging from cannabis to cancel culture, politics to parenting. Our hosts are probably your most interesting friends. Check out our guests this week   (#FridayThe13th),  and more!      
  Sorry you feel that way—was a silly joke. Was making fun of journalists who do things like take down a hero who gave lots of money to a great cause—but then shamed him with some high school tweets. They uncovered. Weary of cancel culture.
Welcome to The Dinner Table! This week,  and  dig into the history of Cancel Culture, where it started, how it became what it is today, and whether it is ethical or not:    
Libs Might Want to Sit Down before Listening to Dave Chappelle's Take on Political Correctness, Cancel Culture, and Guns --      
. is talking cancel culture with  today... Do you think the canceled culture should be canceled?
White, right-wing men have ruined the lives of MANY people online, women in particular, and trolled them right out of public life. We don't call that "cancel culture," because they're "supposed" to have social power.
The people who supposedly do "cancel culture" are specifically the people who are not supposed to have social power. They are generally marginalized in some way or another.
Time to take on the outrage mob, by      #CancelCulture
Critics of "cancel culture" really just hate democracy, writes  in    
ALSO another thing. You know what I’d love (I know it won’t happen &amp; it’s unlikely he’ll play)  When his names announced at Anfield I’d love for our fans to stand up and applaud and give his name a big cheer cause cancel culture is disgusting &amp; the society today loves to ruin
Critics of ‘cancel culture’ really just hate democracy   
Dave Chappelle praises 1st Amendment amid uproar over his take on cancel culture in Sticks &amp; Stones   
Yes! And I’d like to add that   and others are also actively opposing this bizarre cancel culture &amp; the weaponization of feelings and it is a true delight to see that common sense isn’t dead and gone just yet
 your response is to block me? Very disappointing but so be it. The block/avoidance culture is one step below cancel culture.   
 Cancel Culture: A modern internet phenomenon where a...      
Online bullying and excessive cancel culture is equally disgusting.
Perspective: Critics of "cancel culture" really just hate democracy   
 Still having traumatic flashbacks to Friday night overhearing a guy tell his date how authentic Bruce Lee was in Once Upon A Time in Hollywood based on his studies of MMA and cancel culture is ruining everything. He cut her off when she tried to make a point.
Needing your fix on some  before #DeathAtlas drops? Check out the latest episode of  for an interview with Travis Ryan; discussing cancel culture, music beefs and more!  ⏯️      
#JaclynHill defends her #CancelCulture #Halloween costume   
Cancel culture must be STOPPED   
Dave Chappelle criticized cancel culture -- while openly defying a smoking ban and defending the right to bear arms too!    
 I'm being sarcastic—I've had it up to *here* with political conservatives failing to see that "cancel culture" is not some modern innovation of the secular left.
Tulsi's now campaigning against "cancel culture."   
  A lot of people are missing the point. This has nothing to do with my lipsticks. That’s a whole different situation. This costume was supposed to be about the community. About influencers &amp; cancel culture. But people can read into it however they want obviously.
Critics of "cancel culture" really just hate democracy, writes  in    
 My tweet is a reply to the linked article which mentions me by name as a critic of cancel culture. And I've never said anything about booing Trump or heckling Weinstein, ever.
 I quite like Chappelle myself but opening any kind of “cancel culture” story with a Weinstein anecdote shows a stunning … not even sure if “lack of awareness” is the right term.
Imagine loving “cancel culture” so much that you think Dave Chappelle is pretty much Harvey Weinstein.  🙄  
Cancel culture seems to be going well for the canceled men since Louis CK now announced a tour...    
Remind me again how “cancel culture” destroys men’s careers?   
It's funny that this guy's argument is "critics of cancel culture are saying audiences have no right to dislike un-PC comedians," but if you go by Rotten Tomatoes ratings the audiences like them just fine
Re: This WaPo piece "Critics of ‘Cancel Culture’ Really Just Hate Democracy," it's catchy headline but I think the author is really missing something vital here. Take this passage:   
Oh yeah? Well critics of critiques of cancel culture literally wanna murder goddamn PUPPIES   
Opinion: "Colorblindness" is often considered a "cancellable" offense, but could cancel culture be counterproductive? When someone says they "don't see color," instead of immediately condemning them, consider educating them.    
 Sexy Random Unfollowings That Insecure People Read Too Much Into  No, wait.   Sexy Cancel Culture.
Or   Sexy Cancel Culture.
Meghan Daum’s merciless take on modern feminism, woke-ness and cancel culture   
Just watched this  interview and I gotta say I respect the hell out of him, long rants, tangents and everything. It is nothing short of brave to, in 2019, be speaking on your relationship to God, a faith-lead life &amp; refusal to bend to cancel culture.
Cancel culture, when based on accusations over facts and evidence, is a form of extreme psychological bullying on social media. It’s a type of pure violence that must itself be cancelled. Everyone, even doctors sworn to do no harm, participate in these craven acts. Terrifying.
cool how cancel culture destroyed all the men.   
What is cancel culture? Our next panel discusses marketing to Gen Z and beyond. “It takes one tweet to take down Fyre Festival,” says Ziad Ahmed, Founder &amp; CEO of JUV #Under30Summit   
I swear this my last post about #cancelculture but:  Does Chrisette Michelle have a redemption tour or something planned— Or is she the only true recipient of the wrath of cancel culture?   If I’m missing someone let me know.
And for everyone responding with some version of, she’s getting what she deserved because of her Kavanaugh opinions, I totally reject your eye-for-an-eye standards of justice. Can’t end cancel culture until we defend our political enemies too.
 bUt CaNcEl CuLtUrE
Die Proteste gegen die Vorlesung von AfD-Gründer Bernd Lucke sind ein Beispiel der amerikanischen "Cancel Culture", die in Deutschland ankommt. Ein problematisches Phänomen.   
Die Proteste gegen die Vorlesung von AfD-Gründer Bernd Lucke sind ein Beispiel der amerikanischen "Cancel Culture", die in Deutschland ankommt. Ein problematisches Phänomen.   
cAnCeL cUlTuRe!
“Cancel culture doesn’t exist.” - people who don’t take chances and will never be great
it's moments like this that i wish cancel culture was real bc someone cancel his stupid ass show   
Coming to Tampa on 10/31, drag superstar  talks Halloween shows, cancel culture and how the last five years have changed her comedy:   
Drag superstar Bianca Del Rio talks Halloween shows and cancel culture   
🎧 made a podcast about feminism, 'cancel culture' and even more feminism which he says is "like looking into a mirror made of pure insecurity". And you can listen to Episode 1 of 'Tom Neenan is #NotAllMen' right now on  🔊:      
Tell me again how cancel culture is real? (fuck off Louie)   
 It’s not even them either. My point is cancel culture is a myth. It rarely works
Bc I remember when ppl said cancel culture only works on women and PoC....
Nate Parker at the Governor’s Awards.  Does cancel culture work for MEN at all?!
‘Cancel Culture Run Amok: You Can’t Cancel the President’ by Bari Weiss  ‘SJWs are Ruining Baseball’ by David Brooks  ‘The Booing of Trump Reminded Me of How Much I Hate Hillary Clinton for Some Reason’ by Maureen Dowd  ‘Booing is What They Used to Do to Jews’ by Bret Stephens
 putz, num é que tem gente que usa Cancel Culture sem ser pejorativo?
With news of Katie Hill’s resignation, it’s quite obvious that conservatives are also part of #cancelculture.
   I don’t feel like the legitimate issues underrepresented people face can’t be addressed realistically when everyone who disagrees with the Left gets branded a racist.  And as a cis-gender center-right white male, I have to worry when cancel culture is gonna hit me or my business.
  This costume has NOTHING to do with my fans or customers. It has to do with  “cancel culture” that has become so popular. I adore my subscribers &amp; they know that!
And I don’t care how many might brush this off as “cancel culture”, a term you might remember used to be known as accountability.
who knew i'd even need to think about/worry about having to do this, but please lecture "snowflakes" about how cancel culture is ruining people's lives.   
If you’re looking for funny — and progressive — comfort viewing in the age of peak TV and cancel culture, you can’t do better than "The Mary Tyler Moore Show."   
Everyone hates Lola Rabbit- but if you told ten year old Penny that she was a hollow sexist shitty character, I would have scowled at you uncomfortably until you left the room.   Critique is good, but cancel culture doesn't effect children because they don't give a fuck.
  "And here comes Cancel Culture down the stretch!"
WATCH: Kanye West Trashes Cancel Culture, Racial Politics, Abortion In Lengthy Interview      
The line between ‘accountability’ and ‘cancel culture’ for me is defined by intention.   Where is the energy coming from and what is it rooted in.
cancel culture &lt; compassion culture
MUST SEE: Kanye West Gives Dire Warning About 'Cancel Culture' (VIDEO)   
Can we stop doing this. Accountability is not 'cancel culture'.
  As someone who has researched this for a decade, I can assure you that no, it precedes cancel culture.
Review: Meghan Daum’s merciless take on modern feminism, woke-ness and cancel culture   
  the one true cancel culture
"This onus we put on social media and 'being connected' is false." Watch  and  discuss the #CancelCulture effect on comedy:   
“I was canceled before there was cancel culture.”                    -K. West
Eddie Murphy on real-life #Dolemite and how audiences would react to 'audacious' shock comic in today's cancel culture      
But tell us again how "cancel culture" has gone too far.   
How is comedy affected in the age of cancel culture? Inside The Story interviews Just For Laughs comedians on their experiences and fears. Get the scoop on  at 7pm. Stream here:    #CancelCulture #Comedy #Comedians   
I'm now convinced that "cancel culture" only exists for Black women.   Candace Owens, Stacey Dash, Chrisette Michelle, and Tina Campbell fell so Kanye West can soar and make millions off the same folks who claim they don't support Trump.   Just admit you hate Black women.
#DolemiteIsMyName star  has some feelings on cancel culture. Mainly, fuck it.    
Am I the only one that will not be listening to Kanye's album? Cancel culture is insane and bs at times but I really feel like people should have stuck to that one.   I guess this is a hot take but also...is it really that "hot"?
How can anyone act like "cancel culture" is a real thing when a Black man like Kanye West can discredit the impact of slavery, support Trump obsessively, and promote dogmatism, cults, &amp; Chick-fil-A like it's trendy.  If you're jamming #JesusIsKing you're a part of the problem.
 When I said cancel culture is overhyped, I guess I meant mostly for the powerful. If you’re someone like John Lasseter, you might get forced out at Disney/Pixar but you’ll wind up at Skydance Animation. You aren’t really canceled.
 It’s a variant on callout culture. Some people consider cancel culture scary and out of control, others argue that it isn’t even really a thing.   
 Yes yes let’s all bemoan cancel culture.
please don't tell me about cancel culture when kanye west literally hugged trump in the white house and wore a MAGA hat on SNL and everyone is still listening to him
 Thank you!  I know the feeling. Its one thing how it used to be but now cancel culture has become as vicious or more than the person being cancelled
“I’ve Been Cancelled BEFORE They Had Cancel Culture”   
I refuse to be a part of any cancel culture, because I know how much it has hurt Michael Jackson and his family and fans. I refuse to add strength to an already toxic cancel culture. If I don’t like a particular person I just ignore them. Do not add negative fuel to negative fire
“Cancel culture” is overhyped
What if instead of saying “cancel culture” we say “expressing legitimate rage”, since the latter is true and the former doesn’t exist
 I think the heart of cancel culture is in the right place. However, social media causes it to go off the rails. I think Aziz Ansari is a good example. Is he a bad date + jerk? Yes. Did he deserve an expose written about his date etiquette that everyone jumped on? Probably not.
 Kanye: "I was canceled before they had the word [ cancel culture]." Big Boy: "Do you care?" Kanye: "OF COURSE I Care."
   The original cancel culture = UT law
Ah c’est gênant, très gênant cette société où les victimes seraint sensées cotoyer des agresseurs avérés et faire *comme si de rien n’était.*  But sure faisons des Unes sur la “Cancel Culture” pcq le principal problème des call out c’est la manière, pas leurs causes à la base…
So not even Weinstein is cancelled?  I see why powerful white men are quaking in their boots about cancel culture.
The Issue with Cancel Culture. New Blog up. Let me know your thoughts!        #FridayThoughts
 This is why cancel culture is so fake to me
For everyone deriding "cancel culture", here's why an example of why we NEED IT. #cancelharvey
“People trying to son me left and right...I been cancelled before they had cancel culture”  x   interview at 7:20am  tune in!   #JesusIsKing   
I know we’re supposed to think «cancel culture» is a terrible thing but this asshole piece of shit should have his public life ended yet here he is going on almost as though it’s business as usual.
Cancel culture is a thing they made up to talk about black women and how it’s wielded exemplifies that every day
Also, this was a showcase for up &amp; coming performers. Great having a powerful guy there who raped &amp; harassed up &amp; coming performers for decades. They really boo’d that woman for saying something &amp; kicked the other one out. Cancel culture doesn’t exist. What DOES exist...
Wow. So a comedian got up &amp; started talking about Harvey being there &amp; she was booed. Then another woman was escorted out because she said she “didn’t want to stand next to a fucking rapist. No one’s gonna say anything?!” But cancel culture amirite???
Harvey Weinstein Is Out Here Partying With Young Women So I Never Need To Hear The Phrase 'Cancel Culture' Again   
 Anyone that talks about "cancel culture" needs to see this.
 Cancel culture exists on Twitter and that's it.
 Cancel culture is real though... *insert every eye-roll and look of disgust ever*
 cancel culture
Lmaooo “cancel culture.” Harvey Weinstein is still getting invited to events and Roman Polanski-known child rapist since the 1970s- won an award last month. Eagerly awaiting Pol Pot’s inevitable comeback
Harvey Weinstein is hanging with pals. Aziz is putting out specials. Louis is doing sets at comedy clubs. But yes please keep complaining about how cancel culture ruins men’s lives.
literally fuck EVERYONE that complains about cancel culture. this motherfucker is a well-established MONSTER that propelled the #MeToo movement and ppl out here still defending him and letting him back in environments where he abused his power.
I really don't want to hear one more thing about men being victimized by "cancel culture"
Reports of #CancelCulture have been greatly exaggerated.   
1. Head's up to everyone in NY to stay away from Downtime Bar 2. These women were brave as hell 3. Don't mention "cancel culture" to me again when the ONE person we pretty much all agreed was an irredeemable sack of shit is out, having fun, WITH PEOPLE DEFENDING HIM. Infuriating
But sure, "cancel culture" is the problem
Thanks to the sold-out crowd at  tonight! ’s book is a super important conversation starter and I’m so grateful for our fulsome chat on accountability, cancel culture &amp; how progressives need to create more spaces for growth &amp; learning. ✊🏻   
"It's just about moral superiority and really just a new way to attack each other."  on "cancel culture" and why she thinks it's pivotal to try better and do better.   
 Little black dress, huge Papier-mâché 🚫 symbol, bam you’re Sexy Cancel Culture. Then when it’s time to leave the party you can be like “the secret is, dudes talk about me but I *don’t actually exist*” and whoosh you’re gone
"cancel culture" lol   
"Cancel culture" has never been a real thing, with the living, disturbing proof being that Harvey Weinstein gets invited to exclusive NYC events and has people doing his dirty work when anyone dares imply that he's a monster.
Apparently so called "cancel culture" means he stayed inside and women protesting his presence were kicked out.
The next time someone pointlessly lectures you about how "cancel culture" has gone too far, please refer them back to the way this comedian is greeted for confronting Harvey Weinstein, a literal monster. I can't stop watching this.
  Oh, as in “cancel culture”... I get it now. Yeah, I agree. “Stop buying” is a better way to put it.
 I'm not a cancel culture proponent, but I'll make an exception for everyone accompanying Harvey, inviting Harvey, kicking these women—rape survivors!—out when they challenged him attending a forum for emerging artists, ie his hunting grounds.   
but you know cancel culture  (srsly 🙌🏾 to this group of people who stood up to this jackass)
Anyone no ones life has been ruined by being canceled even the woman the book So Youve Been Publicly Shamed got her job back at the same company so where’s this cancel culture
This is definitely not "cancel culture", this is consequence culture.  You don't get to act like that and keep your job in an #MLB front office. He's too replaceable.  Sadly, the determination was made that Osuna is not. That's a whole other societal issue.
women get bounced out of a comedy show for calling out harvey weinstein but cancel culture is the problem   
Last night, Harvey Weinstein was invited to a fundraiser for actors and when female attendees asked for him to leave, the women were kicked out. So yeah, cancel culture, not a thing   
Stuff like this is why so many Americans rightly consider our media culture to be parasitic... except a lot of people go along with or even encourage it when it happens to their enemies. Only way to stop cancel culture is to oppose it uniformly.
And this is why we have problems like "Cancel Culture" the lack of Critical Thinking ability among the lowest common denominator, combined with everyone having a platform and the ability to grow an audience, with no qualification or standard applied to what they present...
It's good to remember that as much as we talk about cancel culture and how it's destroying the world, no one is ever really canceled. Weinstein is facing criminal charges and he's still not fully canceled.
Meghan Daum’s merciless take on modern feminism, woke-ness and cancel culture   
Is a cancel culture even real at this point?
I am gonna cancel my outrage culture with my cancel culture.
Redemption Culture &gt;&gt;&gt; Cancel Culture
My 6th-sense is picking up Trump supporters across the nation angry about "cancel culture" mistreating patriots who advocate the violent overthrow of democracy.   
Trevor Noah's remarks on cancel culture 👌🏾
While the idea of wokeness can obviously be abused and weaponized in messed up ways, there are folk whose entire politic is rooted in sleep-ness just to be contrarian and get attention for self-professed bravery in the face of “cancel culture” (which has canceled no one actually)
Finally, a good idea emerges from cancel culture.   
Life's a B-word for cancel culture advocates  (Via Boston Headline News)   
Life’s a B-word for cancel culture advocates   
Did a Pepsi challenge at the mall when I was 12. (Getting ahead of the Atlanta #CancelCulture)
Cis het white dudes talking about cancel culture while I get death threats over a code of conduct
Everyone needs to hear this wisdom by  about Cancel Culture ... it’s something I’ve personally been struggling with, but couldn’t put into words like he did. What do we do, to people that wronged us?      
Why is it that the people mad about cancel culture are the same people that canceled the Dixie Chicks, which yes, I am still mad about.
 When Trump starts calling people human scum and bullies others so viciously, he inspires his own supporters first and then everyone else on social media to follow his lead. We are now living in a cancel culture where intense bullying and vicious attacks are the norm. Horrifying.
between Trump banning NYT &amp; WaPo from his safe space and Republican lawmakers storming a room to prevent the speech of someone whose message they don't want anyone to hear, Republicans have become a weird funhouse-mirror-caricature of left-wing college-student cancel culture
Cancel culture is out of control
 Nobody can cancel mj. We wont let it. But we also avoid cancel culture by not participating in canceling other artists or personalities. If we dont like somebody we ignore them. Not participate in a cancel culture that hurt our Mike endlessly. We r better than that
"I think we should problematize cancel culture, because are we really cancelling things out?" -  on the efficacy of cancel culture, from our #BHeard Town Hall      
Remy: Horrifying Tweets Resurface!  WATCH:    | #CancelCulture   
How dare Biden not predict that 20 years later cancel culture would scrutinize things he said decades earlier  I am shocked, he should have known Twitter would exist
From cancel culture to body positivity, there’s a whole range of issues we grapple with as feminists and don’t necessarily agree on. In our all-new podcast series, we discuss the burning questions that we passionately differ on. Stay tuned for more.   
   This was a young spunky Jay who was excited to see what the future of youtube held for me! Prior to all the cancel culture, fan boys, shitty comments and bad people doing whatever they could to try and tear me down. Basically, it’s naive Jay
 That is absolutely valid. And true. In the context of what cancel culture has become through social media, do you agree with my original point?
  He said “first use of cancel culture” not first instance.
What is the first known use of “cancel culture”?
The problem with Cancel Culture is it halts grown.   Let’s discuss!
scorsese has hacked cancel culture with just three words. there is nothing that can be said in response. his mind....   
Cancel culture: everyone is guilty until proven innocent.
“Cancel Culture” is an absolute cancer on society right now.   People willingly insulting the complexity of the human brain and its ability to analyze nuanced issues - in favor of sticking their head in the sand under the guise of being “woke”  We’re all dumber for it.
Where is cancel culture when you need it?
These Youtubers have all spoken out about 'cancel culture' and how it's affecting our world   
  Who would have thought that cancel culture would make its way to Germany this quickly?
COLUMN: Cancel culture is a toxic part of today's society, and it is something that seems to have little impact on YouTubers   
 They try to say it’s about “innocent until proven guilty” and “cancel culture” and basically defending a total stranger’s honor, but it’s really about feeling threatened by women in baseball.
I don't believe in cancel culture, unless a profile is infused with references to Q.   In that case, the person ceases to exist as a functioning member of Twitter. As for being a member of actual society...that'll be for their one friend to decide.
The willingness of US orgs to remain silent re ChiCom tyranny can be seen against a correlative backdrop of our burgeoning cancel culture, Big Tech censorship, and decline in devotion to 1A principles alongside the Long March of PC through our institutions   
Leftist Cancel Culture is all about blacklisting, canceling, and boycotting anything connected to the President of the United States. Here's the latest Woke Cancel Culture victory:   
Talking cancel culture, blockbusters and 'White': Bret Easton Ellis at the Rome Film Festival    #RomeFF14
Ugh. I hate the term cancel culture. Again it seems designed to stop criticism or stop consequences.
If we say dislike something, are we now automatically part of the internet outrage machine? What an easy way to paint (and so dismiss) people expressing criticism, especially now that we have handy internet shorthand labels like ‘cancel culture’
Ah yes. The power of PC cancel culture strikes again!
This is a short brutally informative thread. For all the people concerned about cancel culture? This is worse.
‘Progressive Cancel Culture Is Dumb’: Ben Sasse Goes Off On San Francisco’s Travel Ban    #ICYMI   
gonna go recuperate contrapoints into a victim of cancel culture guys   
Director Sadly States Cancel Culture Would Never Let You Make Zapruder Film In Today’s Climate      
Literally cancel. Not meme cancel culture or web cancel culture. Communists literally "cancel" you.
Communism is the original cancel culture
What’s everyone offended about today? #CancelCulture #PCculture  #politicallycorrect   
What has the "cancel culture" done to our world?  This hilarious "news" report from  and  is too real to be funny...but it's still funny!   
  If “cancel culture” worked the way they swear it does he’d be finished. But he’ll be just fine.
Youth Marketing 101: Should brands be worried about cancel culture?      
Huge TW (suicide)  Cleveland needs to know that  has been egging on a suicidal woman to end her life. I’m not one for cancel culture, but restorative justice cannot happen without accountability. Chad, this shit isn’t acceptable.   
Someone sent me these clips of a private group conversation back then.  But I don't know what they refer to or who is typing this.  Just all weirdo SJW Cancel Culture bullshit.🐸🌈🤷‍♂️   
"If you’re looking for funny — and progressive — comfort viewing in the age of peak TV and cancel culture, you can’t do better than The Mary Tyler Moore Show," writes      
 I would be so entirely comfortable w life if society canceled Jenny McCarthy, after the havoc she has unleashed. And I'm pretty anti cancel culture, but that woman launched &amp; led a flat-out mission. She's just shut up in recent years...guessing to avoid full career cancellation.
 Meanwhile, the amount of time I spend each fall hoping that this is the year that cancel culture finally comes for this sport ...
“A comic book illustrator reported that the crowdfunding platform Kickstarter de-platformed him after the tech giant reportedly claiming that the violent, criminal gang MS-13 belongs to ‘marginalized groups.’" #CancelCulture #IWregs   
 I have not commented on cancel culture much at all. But I stand strongly and firmly by planning.
cancel culture has come for planning
Lerne gerade in #ttt, dass  offenbar einst gekündigt wurde, weil sie sich nicht öffentlich bei Tommy Robinson entschuldigen wollte. Das ist mir bisher in all den Texten gar nicht als Beispiel für "cancel culture" oder Gefährdung der freien Rede begegnet, sowas auch.
The good news about #CancelCulture is that when I'm late getting into the latest internet sensation I can stop worrying because they have normally fucked up before my old ass can become a fan.   Thank you for your service.
Repudio con toda la fuerza de mi corazón el repudio que algunos tuiteros escondidos atrás de un teclado le quieren hacer a Andrés Calamaro. Harto de la cancel culture
Why did you people take my joke about cancel culture so literally? Fuckin' yikes bro. W all know cancel culture doesn't exist.
 Yeah, if you're going to condemn a human being for life that you've never met or spoken with — who apologized, had never done it before (to our knowledge), and didn't do it again — you need to learn empathy. That's cancel culture at its worst.
'There are 145,000 people -- black, white; gay, straight; Christian, non-Christian -- who represent Chick-fil-A.' #BusinessandMoney #BusinessesandCompanies #CancelCulture #ChickfilA #Christianity #fastfood #Food #GayRights #LGBT #samesexmarriage…   
Start your day with cancel culture. For me, it’s this bee that keeps flying around my sandwich 👋👋 later homie, you will not have power over me.
#FustanyTalks: Disagreement, criticism and bullying on social media      #cancelculture #onlinebullying #socialmedia #realtalk   
 You lefties with your cancel culture.
“A comic book illustrator reported that the crowdfunding platform Kickstarter de-platformed him after the tech giant reportedly claiming that the violent, criminal gang MS-13 belongs to ‘marginalized groups.’" #CancelCulture #IWregs   
‘Progressive Cancel Culture Is Dumb’: Ben Sasse Goes Off On San Francisco’s Travel Ban      
Abusers often conceal their identities by placing themselves at the forefront of #CancelCulture . Cancelling other people for the very kinds of abuse that they inflict. Be careful who you empower to occupy these spaces.
remember when james charles did the biggest reverse uno card in history and ended cancel culture
WHAT'S THAT ABOUT CANCEL CULTURE?    
This was a pretty cool interview...#billburr #dennismiller #freespeech #comedy Miller on Cancel Culture: 'McCarthy Hearings with a Search Engine'   
"Progressive cancel culture is dumb."         
If you're looking for funny — and progressive — comfort viewing in the age of peak TV and cancel culture, you can't do much better than The Mary Tyler Moore Show, writes    
 “Cancel culture” is a big complicated topic but it *is* true that things move far too quickly for normal humans to deal with. Maybe there should be an app or AI assistant that says, “Hello, my human is in emotional distress and cannot respond now, but they’ve heard you.”
     You are spot on. And why takes like his are dangerous. Check out this book sometime for more smaller cases on what I would truly call Cancel Culture - and its lasting effects on little people - not Dave Chappelle (he was never canceled)   
    Also I implore  and his team to read this wonderful book by  which details some earlier days of this epidemic, and examples  of what I really see as Cancel Culture... not Dave Chappelle (he was never canceled)   
    should be careful making such broad assumptions. Cancel Culture is real &amp; not just about comedians. Mob mentality on here is scary &amp; often misguided. Lies happen. Malicious intent can be made up &amp; poison one’s future &amp; own self-worth. Don’t ever speak for everyone.
Ocean Vuong has been named a 2019 MacArthur Fellow. We talked to the Vietnamese-American poet about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
finally, we've determined that hammurabi's code doesn't apply to cancel culture
“A comic book illustrator reported that the crowdfunding platform Kickstarter de-platformed him after the tech giant reportedly claiming that the violent, criminal gang MS-13 belongs to ‘marginalized groups.’" #CancelCulture #IWregs   
First Louis CK, now student debt. Cancel culture is REAL!
 And to those saying Cancel Culture doesn’t exist- you’re wrong. Please do check out my new project, which is not about me - it’s about smaller folks who’ve been canceled or just hit rock bottom, &amp; struggle to find self worth. i’m very proud of it 🌵♥️   
 Cancel culture on Twitter
Oh they ran an ad I filmed three years ago for my longtime radio sponsor. Good grief, calm down. So tired of this fascistic cancel culture.
Cancel culture stretches to China, as planned Oct. 25 release of Tarantino's #OnceUponATimeinHollywood is halted. The government there heeded Bruce Lee's daughter Shannon,  who complained of the film's depiction of her dad, played by Mike Moh. Emergency editing may save the day.   
Happy 350 ! Today  &amp; I talk cancel culture, the difference between pedophiles &amp; minor-attracted people &amp; more provocative topics. Listen 5 pm PT/8 ET      or      
Is China’s cancel culture a sign of strength, or weakness?   
Rich Johnston is out there revealing the outlines of the post Election cancel culture effort to remove me from DC Comics.    The co-worker in question is Sam Humphries.   
Ugh, so tired of cancel culture
    We live in a cancel culture so we actually do need to provide receipts for stuff like this. This is the culture we have all created for ourselves. We are all responsible.
My final thought on regressive vs progressive that you missed is that it is specifically a reference to authoritarian tactics and ideologies mentioned even by David Graeber, the same critiques of Antifa as Noam Chomsky  everyone is tired of cancel culture, that is not reactionary
Yet there are careers that have been ended because of this kind of pile-on, judgemental holier-than-thou cancel-culture.   It could be you next. Could be me.
Les ravages du politiquement correct imposé par... “les déchets toxiques” des réseaux sociaux selon l’écrivain américain Seth Greenland:  surveillance &amp; lynchage médiatique de ceux qui “offensent (call-out culture), également “cancel culture” (culture de l’effacement)    
   Sure. Anyway, my point is that when people talk about "cancel culture," they clearly mean people getting "canceled" (or their careers being damaged) undeservingly, so changing the language to "holding accountable" won't help.
Oh, also, that actress, Cynthia Erivo, looks great in that role. Made me want to see the movie when we saw the trailer on Saturday. (No, I wasn't all, "Let's check her 'cancel culture' rap sheet!")
 My metaphor was Russian roulette so obviously that was in reference to being ‘killed’ by cancel culture. Like all metaphors it is not a perfect analogy, but I’m making a point. And, respectfully, I will not list any words or topics that could get me in trouble here.
Man, if there's one thing cancel culture should devote itself to, it's this twerp's toxic, time-sucking website. Let's all go back to Tom at MySpace.
Every time we pick up our phones to post on social media we’re essentially playing a game of cultural Russian roulette. You better pray it’s a blank in the chamber. You might think it’s empty but it could still go bang any moment. #cancelculture #thoughtpolice #pcbabies
 Cancel culture in the markets is fine.    No different than boycotting, striking, etc.
“A comic book illustrator reported that the crowdfunding platform Kickstarter de-platformed him after the tech giant reportedly claiming that the violent, criminal gang MS-13 belongs to ‘marginalized groups.’" #CancelCulture #IWregs   
I wrote a piece about "cancel culture" and why when we worry about it, we worry about the wrong things, because we should view in-community wrongs through the lens of restorative justice, not punitive justice, and question our end-goals.    
NEW 📻for our beloved patrons: listen as  and  get cancelled by  and banished to the Nightmare Zone for all time as they discuss his brilliant article on cancel culture:           
 The only thing that has been cancelled is the dangerously low capital reserves of systemically important financial institutions.  or maybe: the real cancel culture is the FDIC being able to cancel an insolvent institution with a swift liquidation authority.
(1/2) Ready for today's AM 790  /    show?  &amp; I will talk to Jamie Masada, owner of  on controversial comedians...and the so-called 'cancel' culture. Are people way too sensitive? (Yes) Call us 1-800-222-5222!
 Cancel culture run amok smdh
If you’re looking for funny — and progressive — comfort viewing in the age of peak TV and cancel culture,  writes, you can’t do better than "The Mary Tyler Moore Show."   
  Thank you for this enlightening tweet. I shall revise my handwritten history of cancel culture forthwith.
Listen to me and  do a 2am podcast from Nashville. We talked cancel culture, feminism, and good fucking comedy. She’s the best.        Also on stitcher and Spotify for android.   
What do artists owe fans who fund their albums? Are memes the new currency of rap beef? Who sets the cancel culture barometer?   Wheww this convo was fun! All hail   ! And ty to my patient editor  🙏🏽   
I don’t participate in “cancel culture” because I, like all of you, am already guilty of an egregious act that isn’t yet egregious and completely socially acceptable today.
  LOL......I love this. Not one of you wants to admit or agree that in today's cancel culture convenience trumps actual principles.
When did, do the most good for the most people take a back seat to this new cancel culture?
Claudia Oshry  came on Juicy Scoop today and we get into everything! What’s wrong with Flip It Like Disick, Cancel Culture, Her Sisters, Real Housewives, and more!  Listen here     #claudiaoshry #themorningtoast #girlwithnojob   
 Cancel culture? Was this my twitter conversation?
A lovely set of pictures from  of Aisling Bea ... talking therapy, cancel culture and love for the Spice Girls   
. talks therapy, cancel culture and why she loves the Spice Girls to      
Also funny to see people talking about it. Men already complaining he's "canceled" when literally nothing has happened to him. Lol shows how "cancel culture" has no real meaning.
We talked to Vietnamese-American poet Ocean Vuong about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
Sorry haters. Your GHOEMA/Mulitchoice #CancelCulture boycotts backfired miserably. Last night our song DIE LAND became #AITSA song of the year. Uncensored arts. A rarity.   
“A comic book illustrator reported that the crowdfunding platform Kickstarter de-platformed him after the tech giant reportedly claiming that the violent, criminal gang MS-13 belongs to ‘marginalized groups.’" #CancelCulture #IWregs   
Cancel culture is not a thing it’s constantly weaponized usually by non black women to avoid critique .
Cancel culture is so unhelpful.
Cancel Culture makes me sick.
  This is the kind of CANCEL CULTURE that makes people main Hanzo.
Solving this problem is genuinely challenging, because the dominant 'marketplace of ideas' model of free expression requires something that looks exactly like 'cancel culture' to work. 'The best ideas emerge triumphant' means the worst ideas get vanquished, 'cancelled.'
I ordinarily put 'political correctness' &amp; 'cancel culture' in scare quotes. That's because the single greatest problem in such discourse today is the inability to distinguish between public criticism &amp; censorship, or 'PC' &amp; the 'marketplace of ideas' functioning as it should.
 I don't know the guy. Have no skin in the game, but this cancel culture is a very dark path.
The Real Problem With Cancel Culture. It’s not about celebrities says,  It’s about us losing trust in each other.    
. opens up on where he stands with  Tati Westbrook &amp; shares thoughts of cancel culture. #SSK   
The bad thing about cancel culture is that it leads directly to streaming-platform reboot culture.
 In other words, mealkits are the real "cancel culture."
Great commentary by  on the left’s cancel culture and Martina Navratilova’s attack on Ambassador    
I'm glad Twitter is thinking about this, but cancel culture is not Twitter's fault. We are using the tool this way, and that's not the tool's fault.   
everyone thinks cancel culture has gone too far but guess WHAT big anthony covered an entire town in pasta because he didnt listen to strega nona and what happened to him? he got a book deal   
“This is how we live now, under penalty of cancellation: in a culture of screencapping, filming, and snitching.” ⁦⁩ on erosion of trust and why cancel culture extends far beyond celebs    
Are you sick to death of the "cancel culture" discourse? Too bad, I wrote something anyway! Now in : why the erosion of trust has us all living in a deranged, digital-age version of CLUE where any one of us could be the canceler:   
The Real Problem With Cancel Culture via     
this left wing cancel culture is out of control
 Cancel culture strikes again
38. I miss the way twitter/the world was before cancel culture was a thing.
she did this and still not one question about it. cancel culture isn't real
 People have to allow me to evolve!!! This is cancel culture adjacent 😩
 Exactly. Cancel culture doesn't exist. People saying other people are cancelled on Twitter very much exists, but nothing ever comes of it. Logan Paul has been cancelled 15 times on Twitter and his views and subs continue to rise.
 You forgot step 4 - the Youtuber who drops the expose video in step one continues to get views and pick up popularity despite almost always being in the wrong.  Cancel culture for accusations doesn't exist...   People aren't scared, but they should be.
I was thinking how cancel culture doesn’t actually work. But that’s not entirely true lol.   Everyone ain’t Teflon.
Some of y’all are confusing cancel culture with bad press.
Are we living in a "cancel culture"? 's answer: "If we were living in a 'cancel culture,' would we have a sexual predator in the White House?" Watch the discussion:      
it’s starting to become super evident that y’all be getting at these people because they’re easy victims of cancel culture a lady just got killed in her home by the police yesterday I don’t care about what these crackers is saying let’s combat the shit they doing
Never thought I'd live long enough to see a backlash against thick, dry pastry. Cancel culture has gone too far.
Cancel culture amirite
 Renewed culture &gt; cancel culture
Getting 2 root canals today but I’m bringing a speaker to play your podcast episode on “cancel culture in comedy” so the dentists will want to wrap it up as soon as humanly possible 🤔
 But that’s just who you are Ed. And I remain a fan. Don’t let cancel culture woke you. remember that time you pushed a boundary so far it blended into the boundary of the other end of itself? People might get triggered but remember you’re bullet proof.
Is it "Cancel Culture," facing consequences, or something in between? Our roundtable discussed:      
My header should just say "SJWs are mad" with screenshots of every bit of cancel culture and outrage over the past month. It's enough to fill an encyclopedia.
Got a new piece coming up on Penthouse shortly. More cancel culture fun fun fun!
I feel like it’s okay— even good—- to call our your heroes when they fuck up. That’s not “cancel culture” that’s just “hey dude not cool” culture which is aka—- just culture
  the ad went viral bc it was spectacular, so it absolutely made sense to hire him. And he resigned bc of bullshit fake outrage cancel culture that you always rail against. Doesn't that bother you?
Love all of the #DeleteFacebook social justice warriors — 99% of whom still use Facebook's Instagram. If you're going to boycott Facebook for political/ethical/protest reasons you can't continue to use Instagram or WhatsApp.  Cancel cancel culture! (Who said that ?)
. compares the nation’s reaction to his forgiveness of  Pete Davidson on  to the nation’s reaction to ’s friendship with George W. Bush. It’s about making a connection with others beyond a “cancel culture.” #TeamHolcomb   
You mean our culture? Maybe “if you’re gay, you’re going to hell” didn’t sound like cancel culture to y’all, but to me.... oh right sarcasm yes yes we agree lol
  Right now I wish cancel culture were real. Cancel all who make bad puns! All of them!
"I can only thank God my sinfulness isn't that easy to Google."  Seriously, this should be a motto for all of us in the era of cancel culture.  We've all made mistakes, but some people's mistakes are easier to find than others'.
 Cancel culture means i’m now boycotting his places
Bias against conservatives in the tech world and #CancelCulture are coming for your comic books. #IWpol   
“hope that in the future we stray from "cancel culture" and censorship and come to accept that your opinions don't make you a good or bad person, but it is your actions that reflect your character. We care. Let us show that.”
I kinda hate being Buddhist but being more familiar w the Bible than some thumpers. The Bible = cancel culture, esp the ye olde testament
Here is your “cancel culture”: men in power wielding money and influence to cancel stories and careers of those who would threaten their position. That’s the cancel culture worth outrage.   
Cancel culture chickens coming home to roost this morning...   
Simon Evans on how 'cancel culture' got out of hand    
  I also disagree with cancel culture, but this culture clash issue against China and freedom of speech is a legitimate form of cancel culture.   Don't conflate what's happening with China with for example a cake shop that won't make a cake for gay people.
cancel culture coming for logan roy ....... can he survive
. puts an end to cancel culture with her powerful new song, #Joanna:    👏   
gurl i hate cancel culture too but this analogy ain’t it LMAO
fortnite is over? wow, what will cancel culture take from us next
Silverman finds herself cowering from the toxic cancel culture she helped create. It was fine&amp;dandy when it was just all those Literally Hitlers getting cancelled. When we tried to warn her she doubled down. She made the bed but can’t figure out why it’s still so messy. 🙄
cancel culture doesn’t work because the cancelled thing just comes back!! the gilmore girls revival should never have happened and men turn their sexual misconduct into careers by marketing to incels
Bias against conservatives in the tech world and #CancelCulture are coming for your comic books. #IWpol   
Garry Trudeau predicts a white president, rules out Harris, Booker, and Gabbard. What happens when cancel culture comes for Doonesbury?   
Cancel culture is getting out of hand   
Shane Gillis, Dave Chappelle, Kathy Griffin &amp; The Myth That Liberal Cancel Culture Ends Careers Over One Mistake    via 
  Another victory for cancel culture. People have lost the ability to discuss and debate issues. Colleges used to be the place that welcomed ideas, (especially from those on the left). Now they have redefined the meaning of *safe spaces*. That may be an even bigger irony.
“That’s a form a slavery,” as a gospel sways to a beat he’s not on. 🥴🥴🥴  This is how I know Cancel Culture ain’t real.
Liberal Comics Defend Cancel Culture   
Using my last few brain cells to imagine a massive “cancel culture” discourse debate around The Three Stooges
Y'all: Cancel culture has gone too far  Reality:
Liberal Comics Defend Cancel Culture      
Bias against conservatives in the tech world and #CancelCulture are coming for your comic books. #IWpol   
Liberal Comics Defend Cancel Culture      
"Cancel Culture" in China follows a similar impulse but the execution is a little different.   
Exactly. Cancel culture doesn't exist.
“Honestly, it ultimately doesn’t matter who you are. There are so many others just like you.”    F-ing brilliant piece of writing by  #TimesUp #CancelCulture
 Live by cancel culture, die by cancel culture
This is a purposefully melodramatic and ridiculous take on someone using absurdity to highlight absurdity. To hell with this cancel culture garbage and putting people on lists just because you dislike them.
Parasite: Antifa Comedy for the Cancel-Culture Era    via    
Not saying they shouldn't, but I wish people get that cancel culture just doesn't exist, especially when you're a white man.
So I believe in forgiveness and I believe that people change and I don't necessarily believe people need to be held accountable for their problematic actions in the past.   However, Jeffree Star's current and continued success is proof that cancel culture doesn't exist.
Parasite: Antifa Comedy for the Cancel-Culture Era    via    
  I thought cancel culture was supposed to work
    Yes? (Me pretending to be qualified to talk about hashtag cancel culture)   
Cancel Culture isn't real, its the same as Far-Left, made up right wing buzzword nonsense.
. cancels cancel culture in a soft and powerful new track #Joanna   
 But he's the only one with the guts to call out cancel culture and antifa, sooo...?
But that's just the thing. It's not happening to powerful white men. Trending on Twitter is not "cancel culture." Losing your job and career and liberty are. The most successful cancel culture of today is rightwing cancel culture. It is hurting marginalized communities the most.
 All I can guess is that he doesn't know what "cancel culture" even refers to
the kkk has the oldest founding members of cancel culture.
Bias against conservatives in the tech world and #CancelCulture are coming for your comic books. #IWpol   
Parasite: Antifa Comedy for the Cancel-Culture Era |    via    
  I canceled Netflix when they gave a human rights violator a production deal. The cancel culture door swings both ways.
 I always wondered if cancel culture would turn around and bite people on the arse. Imagine that.
I’m going to need that same energy y’all use to talk about SJWs and cancel culture to talk about religious polemicists takfiring people,  making it unsafe for the most marginalized, who get stream of death threats after a hit piece &amp; receive no community support offering safety.
Burning books! I doubt that this incident is going to fire up the cancel-culture safe-space campus-outrage hand-wringing machine, but if there’s any college behavior to worry about, it’s burning books.   
I assume book burning would constitute “cancel culture."
Cancel culture has a new cousin. It’s “this or that" culture. I write about its rules of engagement: “This" people do not engage with “that" people, not directly. This is why discourse soon plummets to the level of comparing 16-year-olds to Hitler.    
"Now it’s become this: Yes or no; cancel culture: bad."   
THE PULSE: Exinction Rebellion shutdown CBD’s across the country, warnings against “cancel culture” emerge, and Adventure World is under fire for banning skimpy bathers. #9News   
 Yup. Cancel culture. The opposite of a liberal Democracy.
Cancel Culture comes for us all   
Free Halloween Costume Idea: gently wrap people in red duct tape and call yourself Sexy Cancel Culture.
This photo sent a chill down my spine.  And while it’s not remotely equivalent, it’s hard not to perceive some resemblance to American-style *cancel culture*   
How is it cancel culture if nothing actually got canceled?
Those poor employees just had their night's tips ruined by the left's cancel culture.
  cancel culture comes for julie
#MichaelJackson musical still moonwalking onto Broadway despite cancel culture:      
Keep on engaging in the cancel culture until it happens to you the only people who shouldn’t be allowed to work around others are Nonces &amp; Rapists or anybody who is actively partaking in dangerous criminal activities   Fuck cancel culture and all you dickheads who co sign it 🖕🏾🖕🏾
. is talking cancel culture, Instagram regulations, and body image on .   
I find the problem with cancel culture is its consistency.  People don't wanna cover Andy Rubin products because of his sexual assault allegations.  So when are ya'll gonna stop covering Android, the thing Rubin was working on when the sexual assault took allegedly took place?
It took me YEARS but I finally understand what performative behavior means.  I expect to fully understand cancel culture in a few years, too.
I generally am against cancel culture. But this man needs to be ratioed until he never shows his face here again
Lots of people are outraged. Is this the toxic "cancel culture" that's got everyone in an uproar? Or is it just good old-fashioned well-deserved shaming? Or are those basically the same thing?  I walk every day by shell craters that are the legacy of Milosevic's war.
Bias against conservatives in the tech world and #CancelCulture are coming for your comic books. #IWpol   
  I have to agree. “Cancel culture” is an entirely different topic than politicians and government officials who lie and deceive American citizens then get them killed, facing consequences
 Question, how is it “cancel culture” to hold George Bush responsible for killing thousands of Iraqis and American soldiers based on a WMD lie or the fact he ignored Hurricane Katrina, killing many US citizens?   Isn’t that just being held accountable for your actions?
I can't with all this culture policing and Black bounty hunting across Black Twitter. What began as a positive thing has become a free for all of self-appointed Cancel Culture critics who claim to have rights to what it is to be, feel, express, and believe Black.
 Good think you took that public. Really get that cancel culture riled up.
Yet another reminder (as well as today’s literature  to a genocide apologist) that cancel culture is only rigorously applied to Brown and Black bodies.
The Norwegians clearly don't have cancel culture.
Cancel culture doesn’t really “cancel” anyone, it just ensures that you’re only enjoyed by similarly shitty people.
 OK, not the place for seriousness, etc, but isn't cancel culture real in America, and maybe not...in Sweden?
NOW: Rob Henderson Gates Cambridge Scholar | TOPIC City Journal Piece - The Atavism of Cancel Culture with  on    
The opposite of “cancel culture” isn’t “cant we all just get along?” culture.  It’s a productive rehabilitation culture that puts the onus on those of us with privilege.
As I've noted a bunch lately, cancel culture (or even just vicious criticism for stepping out of line) is a left-on-left phenomenon. OF COURSE I would selfie with Obama. And zero people on the right would have a problem with it.
You: Cancel culture is real.   Me: Peter Handke just won the Nobel Prize for literature.   
Winona Ryder's career was completely destroyed by the media because she shoplifted; we've always had cancel culture but people only started freaking out about it when it began happening to powerful white men
setting a timer for the first take citing criticism of Handke's Nobel Prize as "cancel culture"
Wizkid, misbehaviour and why cancel culture can never worry Nigerian Musicians      
Wizkid, misbehaviour and why cancel culture can never worry Nigerian Musicians      
"Stop calling those who don't want to normalize genocide and war criminals 'cancel culture'  The US military destroys cultures"   -    
Proud of  &amp; W, but sick of societal false dichotomies, #OutrageCulture &amp; #CancelCulture
Cancel culture finally strikes the All Blacks - I'd like to think the overlong and overly meta Air NZ safety video was the tipping point.   
Mainstream hysteria about cancel culture is about the powerless, about IBPoC having the tools to call out racism, misogyny &amp; a host of other oppressions.  They fear the powerful being called to account, not cancellation, because pretty much no one in power has been cancelled.
But attacks on WoC doesn't get coverage in the mainstream media as cancel culture.  That pretty much didn't get any coverage at all until very recently when what they'd been saying for years--that they were being targeted by Russian trolls--was proved to be true by white people.
What is described as cancel culture for the most part is people who didn't previously have a voice criticising people with way more power than them. People like L*uis C*K.  Social media has also been harnessed to go after people like  and  and many others.
I didn't say that what happened to her wasn't bad. If you'd read the entire thread you'd've seen that.  I said she wasn't cancelled. I said what is described as cancel culture isn't that. Maybe read the entire thread before responding next time, eh, Jack?   
“Cancel culture” has become a reliable way to achieve upward mobility, establish social connection, and identify allies and enemies by isolating people who have violated ideological rules.    via 
 You said that so casually. I’m sure that was a big deal to him. He actually said it was the biggest honor of his life. So cancel culture did effect him. Literally dug up something years old that he already apologized for in the past because Lynch mob twitter came for him.
Historically the most effective cancel culturs have been those of governments. Particularly authoritarian ones.  Russia has a cancel culture stretching back to the czars.  Pinochet was huge on cancelling his opponents.  Apartheid South Africa. Nazi Germany. The Khmer rouge. Etc.
Ellen showed mad love to my hood and really helped a lot of folks over there. She good in my book. The cancel culture is so corny on the app
“Cancel Culture” in America now includes shutting people down who criticize a murderous Communist regime in a foreign country.   And professional athletes, who are often seen as being a voice for “social justice,” are openly sucking up to the Commies.   That’s where we’re at.
 Twitter can be all about “cancel culture” when a majority of the people on here don’t have a clue of many important current events (ex: Kashmir). I do NOT know everything either.  Kudos to you for being transparent &amp; real - it encourages asking questions &amp; growth. I support this.
 The cancel culture convo makes me stabbety.
Anyways next time folks are talking bullshit about cancel culture, I'm going to be all, "You mean, like, the folks whose lives were destroyed by HUAC?"  Because you can't mean Lo*is C*K. He's still here and doing just fine.
Motherfuckin kids gotta stop recording shit for clout and start helping when they see some shit. We live in the stupidest time on earth. Internet clout and cancel culture the most fucked up thing about this weak ass generation. RIP to this kid and prayers to his mother and family
 What is cancel culture? But yes, you were wrong 😎
How many people have been unable to get work in their area of expertise cause they're not white enough, or sufficiently heterosexual, or male, or able-bodied, or gentile?  Cancel culture has been with us for a long long long time but it's not what the mainstream media says it is.
Pretty much no one who's having a hissy fit about cancel culture is actually cancelled.  Meanwhile whistleblowers have their lives destroyed.  Christine Blasey Ford is still in hiding.  I mean who's really cancelled?
She didn't cave to cancel culture. #AmericanLeft #EllenDegeneres   
 they threatened to do cancel culture at me if i didn't blog it (no they didn't)
You know what is good? Cancel culture...for this opinion
Bias against conservatives in the tech world and #CancelCulture are coming for your comic books. #IWpol   
Author  joins  and producer  on  to discuss his new book “Movies (And Other Things)”, and caller questions about gentrification, cancel culture, and more. Plus, Andrew and Tawny recap the recent news      
#Blackish star  is not a fan of cancel culture: “That’s America right now when it comes to comedy, everybody’s so timid about everything.”   
"Dave Chappelle, even in today’s unpredictable Cancel Culture, is safe and sound at 99 percent."    #comedy #Hollywood #Tarantino #courage #DaveChappelle   
Jordan Peterson movie screening in New York called off as filmmakers decry "cancel culture"   
Boycotting a company because they support totalitarianism isn’t cancel culture. Please don’t talk to me if you have a single digit IQ.
On this week's FFR, we're talking about cancel culture, in which powerful tyrants are silencing the voices &amp; crushing the careers of brave men who dare to engage in true creative freedom.   LOL ok to find out what we *really* think, listen to the episode!      
The cancel culture is because of social media. YES!!! the fourth wall is gone.... I told ABC this when they had me in 10 times to do my talk show- They didn't get it- so I waited. I have been ahead of my time- my time is now.
The  may be lamenting ‘cancel culture’. But nobody likes to cancel more than our national broadsheet.   
Cancel culture and concerns about comedians and the future of their craft is fun to talk about, but largely overblown.   See below.
 *waits for cancel culture*
  awesome. yep that’s totally something i say all the time and not a mistake. i have three openers this tour who are people of color. toured w multiple openers that were black. ask them if i ever seriously said colored people. ur just cancel culture trying to psych me out.
Discussing cancel culture and social media       
   Cancel culture definitely exists, it just doesn't apply to every situation. I don't know this situation y'all are speaking on, so I won't comment on that. But there are definitely plenty of times where people jump to pitchforks for absolutely no reason other than to hate.
 cancel culture doesn't exist. It's an excuse for people to play victim when they get in trouble. Putting the onus on the actual victims to prove abuse is what keeps people from coming forward and keeps this industry toxic
1. This isn’t cancel culture. 2. Google thought this was legit enough to pay him all that money to make him go away. 3. Believe women.
and this is sort of where the decrying of "cancel culture" comes from - just not wanting to respond to criticism!
Ahh, cancel culture. That old canard.
Blizzard is the latest to cave to #cancelculture.  Hong Kong is protesting communism and China's increasing government control.   Why is Blizzard more interested in making $$ and kowtowing to China's communist government?   
Inevitable end to the campaign of harassment and revenge led by those who claim to be against mobs, harassment, and "cancel culture."    
.: The Angry 'Cancel Culture' Mob Is Hijacking Banks for Their Agenda    
cancel culture do your thing
Ellen’s unapologetic kindness is refreshing! Too often, our “cancel culture” demands that we shun those w/whom we disagree, lest we be deemed “complicit.” But shunning those w/different views rarely creates change, + instead is often just intolerance masquerading as virtue.
we’ve arrived at the second to last step in the cancel culture cycle: the apology video has been posted, and everyone will scream about how its not good enough.
 Cancel culture, smh
Participating in "cancel culture" has become an entertaining hobby—an indulgent, dopamine-feeding activity practiced on social media until its cruel practitioners, ultimately bored, follow the algorithms elsewhere.    via 
Bias against conservatives in the tech world and #CancelCulture are coming for your comic books. #IWpol   
 Yup. It was. But you know “cancel culture” is salivating for a new victim right now and sure, go after the friendly, kind gay woman who’s never said nor done anything offensive in her entire damn life, right?
How bad is Cancel Culture really when George W. Bush gets to have his Viral Michael Bolton phase
Way to go Ellen! We need to cancel the “cancel culture”. You can agree to disagree.” It doesn’t mean you want to have them as friend. And, if you do, “ain’t nobody’s business” but yours. #cancelcancelculture #pettypeople
my unpopular opinion is that the real danger posed to comedians these days isn’t “cancel culture,” it’s making it big. they become insiders instead of outsiders and get so full of themselves they stop being funny
The left was outraged that Ellen would be friends with President Bush - Ellen’s response truly shows out how of touch they are with normal Americans. Hopefully they take her message to heart and end this maddening epidemic of “cancel culture.”   
    I’ve given it multiple videos, podcasts and interviews.  If ppl are going to make a go at being a content creator, none of it should rely on Adsense period.  A diversified model. One that even protects you in the event of view suppression or algorithm shifts or cancel culture.
 Cancel culture is getting out of hand
  sorry if i wasn't clear but this article seems quite right-wing-ish to me? it just seems designed to gin up misplaced hysteria about "cancel culture" with straw-men examples
Trump fans are furious at Mar-a-Lago for joining ‘the Cancel Culture movement’ and nixing a far-right anti-Muslim event   
  Looking forward to Joel going on the Booo Cancel Culture your with Candice Owens
“Black-ish” and “Grown-ish” co-star  is not a fan of "cancel culture," says the attack on Kevin Hart wasn't called for: “In this new era, man, everyone wants to take you down"   
Opinion | Cancel culture is a recent phenomenon in which anyone who makes a mistake on the internet can easily amass tons of online hate and bullying. This in itself is problematic and needs to be brought to an end.   
listen up wokesters: say what you will about ellen, but i’ve had ENOUGH of this cancel culture that goes after decent men like george w. bush just because they launched an illegal war, drowned a city, and brought the world to the brink of a second great depression.
[watching middle-aged adults swoon over shitty liberal talk show hosts sharing yucks with war criminals]  cancel culture strikes again
Comedian —whose new  special #ColeHearted drops today—talks “cancel culture” and a lot more on this week’s episode of #TheLastLaugh podcast: “It’s really fucked up that we live in this era where you cannot make mistakes.”     
"Cancel culture doesn’t actually want accountability. It doesn’t want an apology. It doesn’t want a conversation" |    
  I'm seeing young'uns ready to cancel Netflix over the (wrong, yes) bi/pan joke, and this is the first time I've truly felt like an Old about cancel culture.
  cancel culture strikes again
If Trump endorsed cancel culture, cancel culture would cancel cancel culture.   
 My point was pretty simple. When cancel culture was something that affected people they didn’t like, people on the left thought it was totally fine and morally righteous and entirely just.  Now that it’s getting people they like, suddenly we need more moderation and room to grow.
 No: it was a general statement - perhaps delivered clumsily - I did not intend to single you - but you acknowledge you were definitely part of it.  The left are only waking up to unhelpful nature of cancel culture now that the monster they unleashed has come back to hurt them.
I feel like NBC I is about to learn about cancel culture
 Fighting for someone’s right to exist is reasonable. Fighting to stop people being vilified is also laudable. fighting for a right not to feel “offended” isn’t.  This is a pretty important distinction. I’m sure you would recognise that most cancel culture is in the last category.
I’ve got some choice words to say about being “triggered” and bullshit cancel culture in my latest episode of #Spewtron put it in your ears and you might learn something 🤷‍♂️ on #iTunes  and  here     #PodernFamily #podpeople #PodcastHQ
Looks like Communist China is taking a page out of the American Left's cancel culture playbook.         
 If there is in fact Cancel Culture it's the thing where there is no gray area, and the only response to not-perfect or even allegedly-not-perfect is a blanket 'well we're done with that person'
#loganpaulisoverparty is another example of #CancelCulture getting in the way of independent thinking!  is &amp; should be allowed to have his own views on #abortion.  Who else agrees people are allowed to have their own opinions?!?
Cancel culture is likely here to stay. The social rewards are immediate and gratifying and the dangers too distant and abstract.    via 
Cancel culture as national policy.
Logan Paul is the latest victim of cancel culture for the crime of criticizing someone for having multiple abortions.  But he's right.  Having 5 abortions isn't "women's rights," it's killing the unborn as a method of contraception.      #loganpaulisoverparty
As an aside on China-NBA: Contra like the general state of affairs, where Trump’s tweets can fall into a big blur or people end up in multi-layered debates about cancel culture of whatever, it is kind of amazing how one (1) tweet has set off an international crisis
 My band is "Cancel Culture Club" and we don't write songs, we just sit at home in our parents basement and criticize everyone else that follows their dreams.
AAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 😂😂😂😂😂 fuck me. FUCK. ME. If they’re coming after me for that, I can’t wait for the cancel culture mob to see my special. 💉💪🏾🤤   
Even Michelle Malkin Is Not Safe! – ‘Cancel Culture’ Takes Down Conservative Legend – Malkin and Brigitte Gabriel Vow to Fight SPLC, CAIR, Media Smears...   
Watching left wing cancel culture advocates get upset at China for cancelling an NBA team is peak enjoyment.
Right now The Fergusons have shows that employ numerous creatives. Cancel culture is not about solution. I’m a solution driven person.   Sorry to disppoint you if all you want is destroy things instead of finding ways to fix problems.   Calling out people is not about destroying!
The “Cancel Culture” Con   
tsk cancel culture
Cancel culture is like an addiction: the cancellers get a high, but only temporarily, and the desire creeps back once again and must be fed |    
Very disappointing that Mar-a-Lago has joined the Cancel Culture movement.   and  speak the truth. Why ban their event and voices?
#JameelaJamil talks about progress and "not perfection" when it comes to cancel culture   
I hate cancel culture and the keyboard warriors and their easily-spotted bots who contribute nothing to anything beyond sitting on their cushy backsides screaming about what everyone writes, says, does.
THREAD: Statement: I am disappointed at the cancellation of my 11/7 speech at  's annual banquet, but I will not be deterred. There is a chilling "cancel culture" campaign being waged against patriotic journalists &amp; activists -- /1
With the constant nationalist cancel culture and growing trade war political risks, even  says it may not be worth it for foreign companies to invest more in China. Today’s story   
. and  have been debating "cancel culture" in print at The New Republic and at    Now they bring the debate directly to each other in the latest episode of Extremely Offline.   
After  GM Daryl Morey tweeted in support for Hong Kong protesters,  challenges other NBA, NFL stars to do the same.  "cancel culture is Communism. It is... a manufactured social outrage."       
Cancel culture is coming for us all |    
The Atavism of Cancel Culture: Its social rewards are immediate and gratifying, its dangers distant and abstract.      
The worst thing about cancel culture is that it is so annoyingly co-opted by PR machines to pump up free news stories about their mediocre products. It worked for the Alt Right, it’ll work for your movie!
Want to stop the “cancel culture”? Stop being a part of it.
Hate knows no label. That’s why I don’t jump on bandwagons of cancel culture.   The number of comments on this post more worried about ‘people’s numbers made public’ and not what this group chat is about doesn’t surprise me.   The public ought to know what these people co-sign!
Cancel culture is not about righting wrongs or making the world more tolerant - it's an addiction to power |    
What's Bugging ? Cancel Culture.   
If the cancel culture clowns took a look at the source material from the original comics, they would discover that it is actually far worse than what is portrayed in the Joker film… #JokerFilm #JokerReview #JokerMoviereview   
“Cancel culture” may be new, but the impulses behind it are old. When you see groups target a person for exile, you’re witnessing a foundational ritual. Without understanding such atavistic impulses, we are more likely to enact them without consideration.   
CANCEL CULTURE: LAPD’s top brass are endorsing a boycott campaign against Breitbart and our readers (who are overwhelmingly pro-police) in order to appease leftists who relentlessly smear police!  Let the LAPD chief know what you think:     RT!
Was informed by  that my Extremely Offline conversation w/  about "cancel culture" (scare quotes as tall as the heavens themselves) will be up tmw. Hopefully I won't be 'cancelled' for the insanely offensive thing I say at 24:17!!!    
 1000 years of cancel culture
The latest from our current affairs columnist : Can Mahatma Gandhi’s legacy survive today’s #cancelculture? The answer is unfolding before us    via   #bcpoli #cdnpoli #GandhiAt150
Can Mahatma Gandhi’s legacy survive today’s cancel culture? The answer is unfolding before us | The Star   
their communist manifesto will be that teen vogue hot take about trump gaslighting everyone...their constitution will be the recent buzzfeed essay carving out a cancel culture exception for it's always sunny...likes and follows will be mandatory in this brave new world
The Cancel Culture doesn't exist?  Tell that to this young Christian actress who lost her job because she holds a traditional view of sexuality: ‘The Color Purple’ Actress Loses Job Over Her Christian Stance on Sex --        
A cancel culture hides behind good intention while ultimately lacking any sense of compassion. They take public joy in the banishment of an individual while being imperfect themselves and secretly praying they aren’t…   
The Young Turks DEFEND cancel culture???   responds to TYT claiming cancel culture is merely "consequence culture."   
When is cancel culture gonna get around to the time I flushed my underpants on a plane
If people think cancel culture sucks now, just wait until the government gets involved.    
 Like most things in black &amp; brown culture that become mainstream (woke is another example) the original intent is often watered down.  Cancel culture is consequences for crappy actions. I'm all for restorative justice if done right but rarely are folks sincere when making amends.
 Cancel culture at its core was initially for marginalized communities to be able to call out people for racism, sexism, problematic behavior etc.  It was so we could give a heads up to others about what was going on so folks could protect themselves &amp; their networks.
As the debate over “cancel culture” continues to rage, it’s worth identifying the roots of this phenomenon:  Don't try to patch it up Tear it up, tear it up! Wash him out, dry him out, Push him out, fly him out, Cancel him and let him go! Yea, sister!
“Cancel culture” has become a reliable way to achieve upward mobility, establish social connection, and identify allies and enemies by isolating people who have violated ideological rules.    via 
 Where is cancel culture when you need it
Cancel culture is killing more men, women and children every day, huh?
Missed this  piece on the 1920s version of "cancel culture," by . Excellent.    
Many celebrities complaining about cancel culture have built their careers punching down on the marginalised. Now, they're being held accountable  — and that can’t be a bad thing |      
     Update:  's   confirmed  source for his hit job on   &amp; me was SPLC. He also got scoop that   will issue press release Monday based on his "report." Regurgitate   feed CAIR, fuel #CancelCulture  &amp; voila: "Journalism!"
#GodWillNotBeMocked  Saturday Night Live, Cancel Culture, and an Assassination Joke   
BuzzFeed’s tortured apologia carving out a “cancel culture” exception for It’s Always Sunny is Take Writing at its finest. Either watch this show or don’t. If you worry that your friends might need a thesis about why you still watch it, you either need new friends or a new show.
The Young Turks DEFEND cancel culture???   responds to TYT claiming cancel culture is merely "consequence culture."   
How is the 'Hangover' and 'Joker' director living in “cancel culture” if everyone’s still here?   
Eddie Murphy talks being a comedian in the age of cancel culture: "Everything is timing."      
Participating in "cancel culture" has become an entertaining hobby—an indulgent, dopamine-feeding activity practiced on social media until its cruel practitioners, ultimately bored, follow the algorithms elsewhere.    via 
Saturday Night Live, Cancel Culture, and an Assassination Joke      
Saturday Night Live, Cancel Culture, and an Assassination Joke      
Charles Rocket was part of the cast that replaced the original Saturday Night Live company. He was billed as a cross between Bill Murray and Chevy Chase. He said the F word on SNL in 1981 and it literally ended his career.  Puts “cancel culture” into its proper perspective.   
Cancel culture is likely here to stay. The social rewards are immediate and gratifying and the dangers too distant and abstract.    via 
    You seem to have misunderstood. I’ve written &amp; commented on blackface. Even tho I find it astonishing that a well educated man in 2001 was oblivious to its meaning, the issue is his hypocrisy. He holds others to uncompromising standards. Same standard for him.  #CancelCulture
  The Globe isn’t reputable? What fantasy cancel culture  world do live in where free speech from ALL viewpoints is not allowed? Their journalists are solid and reliable.
“Cancel culture” has become a reliable way to achieve upward mobility, establish social connection, and identify allies and enemies by isolating people who have violated ideological rules.    via 
  I wish I could share your vibe. With what’s been going on at universities the last few years and this cancel culture that’s permeating I believe it will get worse. Kids don’t want to hear opposing views any longer and shout down people as nazis. It’s insanity.
I'm cool with regular folks not liking #JokerMovie but it's obvious most of these media critics decided how they felt and what they were gonna write before seeing it. Don't let these groupthink #cancelculture reviewers keep you from seeing an awesome film.
 Still waiting. Cancel culture hasn't caught up yet.
The jabroni responsible for the Sports Illustrated layoffs is the same one from the LA Times who got placed on leave due to sexual harassment allegations but sure, CANCEL CULTURE #MeToo IS SURE OUT OF CONTROL   
  “Cancel culture”= possibly but probably not losing a plum gig or position because of something stupid, racist or sexist you said on the Internet, often many years ago.
The Atavism of Cancel Culture: Its social rewards are immediate and gratifying, its dangers distant and abstract.      
On today's After Party #podcast,  and I recounted my Albert Brooks flopsweats last weekend, as well as our ongoing coverage of the impeachment of Trump. Plus, a few words about Todd Phillips, cancel culture, and more! Subscribe and listen:      
  When I am on par intellectually with  I worry: I, too, do not have a clue as to what cancel culture is.
you can't even have a brand ambassador dog NOT skateboarding any more because the snowflake millennials say it triggers them when fake dogs do not roll on planks, then they deplatform you with cancel culture
“When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time.”- a quote to playback to trite critiques of “cancel culture”   #MayaAngelou
 Ostracism as a method of control does have the advantage of usually having an idea in mind. Cancel culture honestly has power dynamics at its base — which is why it seems egalitarian.  But everyone is scared to be next. Moving into the vacuum is obviously crazy. Only crazy does.
(Also "cancel culture" is a bad phrase made by people who want it to seem bad)
This is also why I suspect I have a different and less threatened perspective on "cancel culture" than some other dudes of my ilk. If you've benefited from unearned advantages and built success on the culture that allows it, maybe don't be surprised when that bill comes due.
New episode 🚨 alert!!! 🍡💕🌻❤️ Does anyone feel afraid to freely speak their truth for fear it will upset any of the offendable narcs in our cancel culture society where free speech isn’t so much a thing anymore &amp;…   
 Or judging the ethics of "cancel culture" as a whole on the basis of a single case as characterized by J0rd4n P3t3rs0n…
What the FUCK David Brooks go home, you’re canceled. (That’s how cancel culture works right.)
Good thread worth reading, though I disagree with most of its recommendations. (IMHO, we must fight cancel culture tooth and nail, not acquiesce to a new meta-norm of imposing ideological fads &amp; virtue-signaling norms by social media mob rule.)
  They can, but they won't. We no longer live in a place where ideas can be debated. We now have a Cancel Culture &amp; Safe Spaces that need to be protected from any thoughts that threaten our politics. What we read, what we watch, even who we associate with, are all deeply polarized.
I mean, trying to have an event to debate with people over whether or not cancel culture and deplatforming is real but you already win the debate without the event even happening is pretty fucking handy not gonna lie.
Is it time to cancel cancel culture?   
It’s like an actual breath of fresh air to read this. Keep it in your pocket to send to anyone crying tears over cancel culture WHICH IS NOT A THING   
The thing with all the outrage about “cancel culture” is that cancel culture isn’t real, and everyone who is “canceled” just resurfaces after a bit.  But if that’s true, then how is the “canceling” actually holding anyone accountable, and how does it differ from harassment?
16/Also, social media cancel culture will rid us of all our heroes.  We will no longer be able to imagine that people like Gandhi were saints. We will be forced to realize that they were just flawed, fallible, occasionally amazing but  occasionally awful human beings.
15/Social media cancel culture has raised the social status value of being an average schmo, and reduced the value of being a big shot.  Maybe, in this age of rampant inequality, that's a good thing.
1/Since people are talking about cancel culture, I thought I might as well write a thread about it.  Some people say cancel culture doesn't exist. That's obviously wrong. Cancel culture - the practice of ostracizing people for violating cultural norms - has always existed.
“Cancel culture” has become a reliable way to achieve upward mobility, establish social connection, and identify allies and enemies by isolating people who have violated ideological rules.    via 
Eddie Murphy,   and  weigh in on the so-called “Cancel Culture” of comedians. #dolemiteismyname    
#LaurenDuca on dissuading the 'cancel culture' and launching a #revolution   #QuestionMore     
Louis C.K. is performing six sold out shows in Winnipeg next week and I have some thoughts about that. On comedians, “cancel culture,” and comebacks.   
     “I think we need to problematize cancel culture, because are we *really* cancelling people? ...Louis C.K. is still getting paid, and Cosby is still getting paid...” -
The impeachment process is long and arduous, but cancel culture is immediate.  Since Trump came from showbiz the legislative body should put him in quick turnaround so he can go be president somewhere else.
You can criticize cancel culture, SJW, PC etc. etc. all you want but the fact remains that a much bigger problem is that the mainstream media is constantly whitewashing bigots and normalizing bigotry.
 All of this happening while I have to hear prominent white dudes in media go on and on and fucking on about "cancel culture" as if the crazies like Gavin aren't doing just fine.
Participating in "cancel culture" has become an entertaining hobby—an indulgent, dopamine-feeding activity practiced on social media until its cruel practitioners, ultimately bored, follow the algorithms elsewhere.    via 
If you hold it against me that half of those items were the result of being irresponsible, that's cancel culture
We talked to Vietnamese-American poet Ocean Vuong about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
It's a takedown, namechecking many of the usual cancel-culture bugaboos, but it's one in which the critic admits upfront that she was "hired as an assassin" to spray Updike's blood on the ceiling. It's also an appreciation, illuminated by her real and deep love for his best work.   
 Ahead of his fifth studio album, uknowhatimsayin¿, Danny Brown () discusses his early love of stand-up, cancel culture, and making exceptions for comedians.       
cancel culture comes for us all   
 I am simply ASKING A QUESTION wow cancel culture run amok
this has long been a favorite genre of worthless tweet for me. But I especially like in this one how 2 of the 3 listed participants would likely be spending 80% of their energy writing indulgent 30k word essays about cancel culture
. “People do change and people grow. If you want to start unfollowing, that’s on you. I don’t believe in this ‘cancel culture’.”
 You operate under the presumption that “cancel culture” is a thing. I disagree. As  writes, name one person who’s actually been canceled.   
“Cancel culture” may be new, but the impulses behind it are old. When you see groups target a person for exile, you’re witnessing a foundational ritual. Without understanding such atavistic impulses, we are more likely to enact them without consideration.   
If “cancel culture” were a thing, then a certain filmmaker wouldn’t have gotten another chance after getting caught staging scenes in a documentary.
This Playboy piece about how cancel culture is stifling art starts with a rousing defense of the cancelation of "The Hunt" and suggests "Bombshell" should be shelved too. Why is moral consistency such a goddamn rarity?     
Cancel culture is coming after Stalin now. Is there no end to this madness?
“How are we living in ‘cancel culture’ if everyone’s still here?”   Every word of this contains the bittersweet balm of truth:   
Today’s #ComicLaw CLE brings matters like diversity, #cancelculture  and #comicsgate to the attention of lawyers. An eye-opening panel with fantastic citations.   
 Mate. That is really not what I am saying. It's a joke. A throwaway tweet re the really well researched white paper we published over five years ago.   Cancel culture is a relatively new concept and I'd argue was barely even a thing when we published this   
ATTENTION: Ghandi is now racist   #CancelCulture
Entertainment media outlets need to be more responsible, and toe the line between defining cancel culture conflicts and manufacturing them.   
This cancel culture has gone too far   
P R E A C H  People who think comedy suffers due to cancel culture mistook bullying for comedy.
FYI there is a difference between cancel culture and legitimate consequences
 All politics has always been identity politics, all culture has always been cancel culture
Broke: Cancel culture doesn't exist  Woke: Cancel culture is the only kind of culture remaining on Earth, therefore the term is redundant    
My point isn't "cancel culture" as much as taking a healthier attitude towards our heroes, or people in general. We can acknowledge respect the good people do without bestowing infallibility.  Learn from the better parts, disregard the worse, focus on ideas not the person
    You clearly misunderstand what cancel culture is.
  Cancel culture!
cancel culture is officially out of control   
Bill Maher Blasts Cancel Culture: ‘P.C. People Protect Feelings’: Comedian Bill Maher, host of HBO’s “Real Time,” minced no words in his denunciations of the SJW Twitterati and their perpetuation of cancel culture in a recent interview with The…    #ICYMI   
 Every idiot complaining about cancel culture needs to first explain why Mel Gibson and Paula Deen are still working steadily.
If people think cancel culture sucks now, just wait until the government gets involved.    
In 2019 during an the height of cancel culture “forgiveness” is trending. You’re confused to see it
 Not my point. Anyone complaining about cancel culture is someone who hasn't realized that many of us have been cancelled since the get-go
I remember when "cancel culture" was called "being held responsible for your actions." But that doesn't make a good chant for the MAGA cult.
They'll come for MLK next - his Christian background would be a target for today's largely non or anti religious activists and media. Both he and Gandhi also advocate  forgiveness and common humanity, which clashes with the current preferred #CancelCulture and identity focus
If you think "cancel culture" sucks now, just wait until the government gets involved   
It's ironic that people obsessively talking about "cancel culture" did more harm than what little "cancel culture" was actually doing.
Even Gandhi isn’t safe from cancel culture
Watch  discuss the consequences of "cancel culture" on last night's #JefferiesShow:      
I wonder if "cancel culture" exists in other countries. For ex., if a Ugandan warlord is found to have old tweets claiming, "abducting children and selling them intro slavery is bad," is he going to get fired?
when ur on a double date and the guy dating ur girlfriend's friend starts on about cancel culture   
Cancel culture ruined comedy, says now-unfunny director      
How is the 'Hangover' and 'Joker' director living in “cancel culture” if everyone’s still here? asks .   
It has been heartbreaking to witness firsthand what the Left and several bad actors on the Right have gleefully put my friend through.   It’s why I’ve pulled all of my contributions from . I will not be associated with any entity that endorses cancel-culture.
Followed up w/  re: Harris letter asking  to suspend Trump's Twitter for targeted harassment of whistleblower. Says she has to read it but "it's important we respect &amp; understand what freedom of speech means &amp; we don't continue to perpetuate this cancel culture"
The atavism of "Cancel Culture"   
Cancel culture is likely here to stay. The social rewards are immediate and gratifying and the dangers too distant and abstract.    via 
Great article with  and  on drag, coming out, homophobia, cancel culture and more...   airs tomorrow! Don't miss it 😍    
" is a prime example. Literally lying about raising taxes! On camera! They rather talk about this outrage-cancel culture of "you must abide by our moral code or you're evil to us" - none of them have said anything about that candidate in #Putnam."  #CTPolitics   
Trump devoutly deserves to be cancelled, but cancel culture seems a bad fit for presidential politics and banning the president of the United States does not seem like a particularly effective way of restoring democratic “norms.”   
My latest in ⁦⁩ on the failures of cancel culture.   
 I actually do not know what doxing is!!! Can you believe it?  It is one of those SM words I keep meaning to look up. And Cancel Culture. That is another one I don’t know...
For paid subscribers: I evaluate the claim that it's out-of-touch to rant about "cancel culture" and attend book parties but deeply proletarian to spend hours a day making Twitter jokes about Jon Chait and attend book parties    
Carson King Defies Cancel Culture By Raising Even More Money   
NEW : Cancel Culture, Public Confessions, and Celebrity Conversions (also a SWEET give away from )      
Jim discusses the consequences of "cancel culture," shares how inclusion is changing the toy industry and laments a hairy situation.  Listen and subscribe:      
“Cancel culture” may be new, but the impulses behind it are old. When you see groups target a person for exile, you’re witnessing a foundational ritual. Without understanding such atavistic impulses, we are more likely to enact them without consideration.   
So the cancel culture crowd is louder; so it seems worse then it is sometimes, but you have to be resilient. Those people were never my customers, and never would have been.
If cancel culture exists, then how can I still listen to all my favorite pop punk bands who all victimized and exploited their teenage female fans in the mid-2000s?
SJWs review bombed and demanded a game (Heartbeat+) developer break up with his girlfriend because she said cutting your dick off doesn’t make you a girl.  Instead of caving, he discounted the game at 41% (the suicide rate of trans people).  Resisting cancel culture is amazing.   
In tomorrow's paid newsletter, on journo-narcissism, I evaluate the claim that it's out-of-touch to rant about "cancel culture" and attend book parties but deeply proletarian to spend hours a day making Twitter jokes about Jon Chait and attend book parties   
    smh cancel culture strikes again
Tonight we're talking about cancel culture! Like if a tree falls in the woods and no one is there to cancel the tree for its racist tweets, do we even have a metaphor here?
Darren Rovell is proof there’s no such thing as cancel culture.
The fact that this motherfucker is getting paid $$$$$$ for this pro-rape bullshit is definitive proof that SJW cancel culture has not run amok ENOUGH.
Is “cancel culture” — the notion that individuals who make distasteful and sometimes racist or misogynistic remarks should not be given a platform — hindering stand-up comedy?   
The lesson of Iowa's fundraising hero, a Des Moines Register reporter and "cancel culture": delete your tweets, writes columnist .   
Bill Maher Blasts Cancel Culture: SJW’s Don’t Want Justice. They Want Scalps     
Bill Maher Blasts Cancel Culture: SJW’s Don’t Want Justice. They Want Scalps   
I’m going to be Sexy Cancel Culture for Halloween
When cancel culture is after you...   
 Cancel culture hates people "bouncing back".  Dead people don't bounce back.  Publicly flirting with inducing a scenario that causes death in a cancelled party is scary.  I'm willing to eat some shit to push back against it.  But oh, man, didn't predict this obvious outcome. duh.
 Nah not really. Cancel culture is the very loud minority trying to cost people their livelihoods because *they* are offended by something and think they need to tell other people what to be offended by. Advertisers then freak out and cost people their jobs.
  They're related.  Tech sort of inevitably yields cancel culture.  But that's for another time.  That the wrong person can be hounded to death can punch down just as well.
Cancel culture is out of control.
It’s true! Cancel culture and woke culture have ruined many things. Everyone makes something out of nothing. Twitter is one of the WORST communities I’ve ever dealt with and or seen people deal with. You twitter finger nerds have ruined this platform
Tonight: Jim talks about gender-neutral toys, cancel culture, and products that surprisingly, still exist.   
 I mean, if we're defining cancel culture as all the people who sided with your ex when you were a shithead husband, I feel like we're winning.
Lol, "cancel culture," didn't he, um, hit on/bang his interns and threaten them if they told his wife *who they were also working for* and then have to crawl away when his life blew up before #metoo even because it was gross and creepy?   
Eddie Murphy talks being a comedian in the age of cancel culture: "Everything is timing."      
One elementary school in Illinois is CANCELING #Halloween.   Don’t want to create an environment “that may feel exclusive or unwelcoming to any child”  Over dramatic? Support the cancel culture?  #FOX5LION at 7pm    
Of course cancel culture is a myth so what do I know.
. Director Says He Left Comedy Because of #CancelCulture  via GabrielJHays1   
  Being able to systematically track someone trying to rebuild their lives, anywhere on earth, is sort of new.  Cancel culture hates people “bouncing back”.
If attempt to remove yourself from the conversation (bc for some reason you don't love be yelled at and berated!), they call you the angry one. They accuse you of censorship and "cancel culture."
Glad this commencement speech at Notre Dame wasn’t part of cancel culture - via    
  Cancel culture bullies.
 And you couldn’t even make that anymore because the dang PC (pro-cat) police would cancel culture it.
‘Can’t Argue With Twitter’: ‘’ Director Says He Gave Up Comedy Due to ‘Woke Culture’ #cancelculture       
I have a superpower and it’s knowing that the minute a man rants about cancel culture unprovoked, he’s the worst
 Some people are plain full of shit, and social media tends to exacerbate one’s full-of-shit tendencies. But any movement that’s actually made the world a better place (abolitionists, suffragettes, freedom riders, etc.) probably felt like the “cancel culture” of its time.
Kanye West got a new song on his "gospel" album praising Chick-Fil-A?  I know y'all don't care about LGBTQ people or cancelling him, but don't fuck with me if you still fuck with him.   Call it cancel culture, not hearing "both sides," dismissing dissent, whatever...enough.
 Cancel culture.
  Exactly. You can’t find a line, where he is exiled, but gets to eat, sleep, live, somewhere else.  All those things require a job.  Cancel culture is livid that people “bounce back”.  Dead people don’t bounce back. It’s there. It’s right there. Make them die.
  You are right that nobody is *leading* cancel culture.  But I’ve seen this elsewhere. Leaderless movements are a thing. It’s scary. This is scary.   
Forget cancel culture, what about cankle culture? I'm *tired* of unusually thick or stout ankles!
gEoRGe CarLiN wOuLDvE HaTeD tHiS pC cAnCel CuLtuRe   
 Yeah. But posting his search for housing is a threat to those who might house him, in the same way reporting on his search for employment is a threat to anyone who would give him a job.  Cancel culture is livid about people “bouncing back”.  Dead people do not bounce back.
 cancel culture on college campuses really has gotten out of control
I’m not for cancel culture when people are willing to learn.
Had a great new podcast conversation w/  about comedy, self-defense, and cancel culture! LISTEN here:      
Let me explain why I play clips of liberals like Bill Maher. There are huge defections on the left over things like political correctness, cancel culture, media silence on Hunter Biden, and yes, impeachment. But the media ignores to spin a narrative that the left is in lockstep.
  “Cancel culture”  Oh, you mean consequences. Damn them all!
  I think there's a good argument that cancel culture doesn't actually exist, or at least, not as reactionaries frame it. Obviously anyone can keep doing and saying what they want. But people who are offended also get to say if they're offended.   
  I don't think comedies about dick and fart jokes are off-limits. I don't think dramas about incest and murder are off-limits, either. Actually, for all the cries of "cancel culture," I think most stuff is still very much in bounds.
Comedy has always operated entirely on "cancel culture" — if you suck, you don’t get booked. Now, the definition of “suck” has been expanded a bit, and the people who now suck are pissed off.
LIFE ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED. I hung out with Margaret Cho! I had *JUST* gotten off a plane so bear with my breathlessness! I TELL HER TO HER FACE THAT SHE IS A TREASURE. We talked about Amy Tan, ZINES, cancel culture and our mixed feelings about Constance Wu's bangs in Hustlers.
Will cancel culture take down one of America's best-known movie icons? Perhaps, but the issue might be as complex as the man himself, John Wayne. Writing in the Orange County Register over...   
   Aw. Thanks.  Yes, for context (even though it's technically not necessary to my point), there are lots of examples of "cancel culture" that outrage me.   But it's a spectrum. Some cases of a person getting fired for public statements seem fine to me, others seem very unfair...
Bill Maher Blasts Cancel Culture: ‘P.C. People Protect Feelings’: Comedian Bill Maher, host of HBO’s “Real Time,” minced no words in his denunciations of the SJW Twitterati and their perpetuation of cancel culture in a recent interview with The New York…      
  And anyways, it IS germane to your point; your point is (roughly) that cancel culture is widespread and bad. And the misrepresentation makes this example look like stronger evidence for your point than it really is.
 Fort Fuck Cancel Culture
  Ironically, the only film that was actually canceled because people were offended was THE HUNT, and it was canceled by the conservatives groups who are also complaining about "cancel culture."
 Cancel culture has gone after kids like the Covington teens to try to destroy their lives. It goes after random private citizens on a regular basis to get them fired, kicked out of colleges, etc but never people like this. I’m not advocating for it but it’s clear why this happens
A bot that replaces all instances of “I can’t do comedy anymore because of society/SJWs/cancel culture” with “I have no good, clever, original or funny ideas anymore.”
all 20-year-olds know is TikTok, fake ID, astrology memes, lip gloss, cancel culture, oat milk and dying from climate change    
Reminder: “Cancel culture” is horse shit
   Again: this is why they are called mental health *problems*. The people have not been able to solve the problems themselves. A caring culture would coordinate to help them solve the problems. This "cancel culture" simply wants to dispose of them.  Nobody is disposable. Nobody.
"Cancel Culture brings Vontaze Burfict's season to an end"
  Hey Christian, can you join me on air on Friday morning to talk about #JokerMovie and #CancelCulture?
People worry about “cancel culture” but everyone who’s been “cancelled” has made a come back except those in prison or who died before they could, and Kevin Spacey.  So so long as you’re not gay or a woman, you should be fine, if not better after being cancelled.
[extremely having no idea what's going on and wants to fit in voice] let's cancel cancel culture
Cancel culture apparently hasnt caught on in China yet if this sunglass company is still allowed to call itself “Helen Keller”   
Catch . podcast on your iHeartRadio App. Here's a clip of Mike Russell and Rob Hunter talking about the unforgiving cancel culture designed to shut down debate...  Cheers.
It’s weird how cancel culture never seems to come for people like this vile maniac who wishes rape on a woman because she has the audacity to be pro-life &amp; think for herself.
 Cancel culture but for ginger snaps.
The Atavism of Cancel Culture: Its social rewards are immediate and gratifying, its dangers distant and abstract.      
and then we are all so upset about “cancel culture” like whatttt. show me where all the cancelled men are??? i mean yes, you can show me, because they are EVERYWHERE
  Nothing fatal. If you want incarceration, you’re going to have to charge him.  My concern is less in RMS and more in the awkward ways cancel culture is demanding suicide.  That bloodlust will not stay on safe targets like RMS.  “They always bounce back!”  Not if they’re dead.
Help Your Teens Clean Up Social Media Before Cancel Culture Comes For Them      
White guy: “I was just joking. Calm down. “  *someone calls out his illegal, immoral, unethical, creepy, and/or rude behavior*  Same guy: “WITCH HUNT! LYNCH MOB! CANCEL CULTURE ARGLE BARGLE!”
“Cancel culture” as a thing maybe describes a large online group of people with incomplete information attempting to get someone fired or incite them to self-harm (or others to harm them). A predator being exposed is merely delayed consequences.
Dan engages often in what I would describe as willful blindness. His terminology (cancel culture warriors) minimizes the lived experience and documented examples in favor of pointing out people make fun of Stallman’s hygiene and requirements as a speaker.
The Young Turks DEFEND cancel culture???   responds to TYT claiming cancel culture is merely "consequence culture."  Full episode:      
yall realize cancel culture is as real as michael scott declaring bankruptcy on the office right
 it only took me 25 years. cancel culture do ya thing!
Cancel Culture! An excerpt from our new Sirius XM show: on Iowa/DMR, Sarah Silverman, Darkness at Noon, Holocaust jokes, and whether you can still listen to Thriller.    
Deplatforming, “Cancel Culture”, And Boycotts: When Does It Go Too Far?    via     How do you cancel/boycott such things without harming those who genuinely are not at fault?
#ICYMI The SPN Podcast: Cancel Culture with    
Just heard someone reference "cancel culture" and heard "Hansel culture", and I'm definitely on board for that.   
Wow, super gross that  has the audacity to spend their third season trying to endear the audience to a Brock Turner-type rapist by pretending the fact that his dad ignored him makes his acts of sexual violence forgivable.  I’m okay with cancel culture on this one.
“Cancel culture” may be new, but the impulses behind it are old. When you see groups target a person for exile, you’re witnessing a foundational ritual. Without understanding such atavistic impulses, we are more likely to enact them without consideration.   
LISTEN UP: For those who keep whining that "cancel culture" is ruining problematic people's lives.  Famous woman-beater and misogynist Chris Brown has his first top 5 Billboard hit in 11 years...   
Jordan Peterson doc still gets premiere after finding itself under ‘cancel culture’ chopping block        
cancel culture set your sights on blue man group i’ve had enough
Is "cancel culture" helping or hurting us? 🤔   
The impoverishment of "cancel culture"   
This isn’t wartime conservatism. This is flagrant cowardice.   This is cancel culture at its worst.
Notorious homophobe and overtalker Orson Card still speaks at festivals but people are worried about cancel culture? Okie dokie!
I'm gonna go on  and 's podcast to discuss "cancel culture" (which doesn't exist and/or poses an existential threat to our nation) with Osita Nwanevu on Thursday. Should be an interesting convo!    
 Among other reasons, Maher is peeved about Me Too and cancel culture so he's lashing out at the left quite a bit. He thinks he's entitled to say whatever he wants, while the people who listen/watch him are not. Free speech should be cherished -- for *everyone* -- not just celebs.
  If nobody thinks this terrible thing but a few trolls, I am wrong and I am happy to be corrected by you.  If some do think this terrible thing, I am right but I am joined by someone who obviously has no problem with cancel culture in general. I’m happy for the consensus.
  Look, a whole bunch of people have replied to “death is not ok” with “well abusing women is not ok” and it’s like both can be true, people. Death is still not ok.  You wanna say this isn’t cancel culture, I’m ok with that.
  Let’s agree, then. Cancel culture is not an excuse to wish death (or death causing conditions like homelessness) on others. These are different things, or at least must be.
Eddie Murphy talks being a comedian in the age of cancel culture: "Everything is timing."      
Great to see this launched with such a great discussion on #cancelculture with hosts  +  and guest !  The Federalist Launches New Radio Show, 'The Fray,' On SiriusXM   
Media partner  and #BRICTV are asking the tough questions about #cancelculture and #comedy at Thursday's #BHeard Town Hall. RSVP here to join the conversation with panelists      and !      
It's very telling that George Carlin, Eddie Murphy, and Bill Hader all recognize that comedy evolves and yet all these comedians calling out "cancel culture" can't recognize that.
Yes, the Young Turks actually defended cancel culture.
It is such a delight when journalists ask you questions you've never been asked before, and review your special without being afraid of cancel culture.  you are the real deal.   
Eddie Murphy is unafraid of cancel culture, but he would like to hit delete on some his older material, he tells The New York Times in a sprawling interview.    
Eddie Murphy discusses cancel culture, calls old homophobic jokes 'ignorant'   
Bob Hearts Abishola is staring down a cancel culture mob.    won't stand for this.          
If you don't have the pulse on the culture, and if you are somehow blaming so called 'cancel culture' as a reason for any of the backlashes you are experiencing, maybe it's just that you are really not funny anymore.
Is #CSGO one of the last bastions of strength, pushing aside PC and cancel culture?
TYT only believe cancel culture is good when someone on the Right has a dug-up past ‘sin’. Last month,  defended his nephew for viciously mocking Dan Crenshaw’s war injury (new material btw). And how abt his Armenian genocide denial in college? Cool to cancel you, Cenk?
The Young Turks DEFEND cancel culture???   responds to TYT claiming cancel culture is just "consequence culture."  Full episode:      
We got #BlackJesus in 's Neighborhood for #TheBigInterview next!  has something to say about this Cancel Culture and Millenials 😂  Listen now      
  Sorry man, I’m just not on board with cancel culture
More evidence cancel culture doesn't exist.  can go from community to community, harming and traumatizing women. Positing himself as some male feminist when he's a serial abuser willing to do anything to escape accountability for his actions.
I need cancel culture to cancel Monday.
  Also, a handful of people’s finally-released anger isn’t cancel culture. Also cancel culture isn’t a thing. In our earlier days, it used to be called “consequences”.
 Right, he isn’t cancelled. Cancel culture doesn’t exist. People will say things about personal decisions. It isn’t a new culture &amp; no one is cancelled. We have Trump as president, ffs. Bill Maher still has his show. Dave Chappelle made millions. I see absolutely no cancel culture
"Tired of cancel culture? We can weaken and kill it, together, as long as we're willing to fight back."   
 Acknowledging publicly what many are afraid to say. “Am I next?” is the morbid fear surrounding all cancel culture. “I didn’t think they’d demand he die on the streets...”  People are scared.  People project. Even smart people. Even kids. Especially kids.  Bad things happen.
 If anything, i think the people eager to denounce cancel culture like to pretend it’s a problem so they can keep from extending their empathy to marginalized folks who will take the time to say something is messed up.
 I keep seeing people using “cancel culture” to paint a broad brush to denounce people making personal decisions and have no power. And the powerful people who cry “cancel culture” try to gaslight folks, calling them “mobs” and irrational instead of looking at individual cases
 I don’t know any person who has only been canceled. Just people who did or shit shitty things and numerous people said it’s offensive. If anything the people who denounce cancel culture are not tolerant about people having opinions about others’ behavior
 So you think cancel culture exists because you believe in Dunbar’s number? I’m not sure I follow.
Bloch checks love cancel culture... All these dudes have never played a down and they r always the loudest voices. 🙄
 Nah bro it ain’t cancel culture, it’s realizing that times change and the more and more people re effected by shit the less tolerable it is. People can call sensitive if they won’t but to me certain shit just ain’t funny no more. Same way with battle rap.
Don’t let the hasty words of yesterday determine tomorrow in a time we’re so caught up in cancel culture.   
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia has dodged cancel culture, controversy and Emmys      
I would like to say cancel culture does not have a “Why hasn’t this person killed himself yet” problem, but it does.  Many people are rightfully hated for misdeeds in their past, and there might well be legitimate consequences on the table.  Generally not death.  Slow your roll.
 But there are lots of people wanting things to be cancelled and cancelling them as individuals. Maybe that is cancel culture?
 Yes, get it. Maybe cancel culture is just the desire for people to be cancelled and frustration when they aren’t.
Wow the world is strongly divided between people who believe cancel culture is a thing and those who say it absolutely isn’t. This is another modern problem. We all live in separate realities.
 The one that said she doesn't believe in cancel culture (when it comes to predators), but cancelled the victim…?
 Cancel culture isn't real.
‘I love drag. It's dangerous’: Graham Norton and Alan Carr on desire, camp and ‘cancel culture’   
 Tell me every and any time I supported cancel culture. I believe to the best of my knowledge I have not but I could well be wrong.
Lotta weird kids looking at RMS, seeing what might happen to them someday.  What are *you* telling these kids, cancel culture warriors?  I know what I’m telling them. It’s going to be ok. People are a little silly now. By the time you grow up, we’ll know better.  Greta’s got this
If you ask me, Cancel Culture jumped the shark when they went after Cop Rock. All those cops wanted to do was sing and dance but the outrage brigade attacked them all the same.
 Not at all. Cancel culture itself is awkward and dumb.
Aight I’m done w/ #TwitchCon for the year! Anybody get canceled? (the joke is cancel culture is a joke)   
Radio host Kyle Sandilands has apologised for his comments about the Virgin Mary.  : "I'm so sick of this cancel culture where people say 'someone said something I don't like, therefore they should be sacked...' If you don't like it, don't listen to it" #Studio10   
 …but there’s nothing there.  He says he doesn’t know what the complaints were about.  He says he’s never heard of the concept of "cancel culture."  His example of how it affected him makes no sense.  How is it NOT vague nonsense?
“The critics of cancel culture are plainly threatened not by a new and uniquely powerful kind of public criticism but by a new set of critics: young progressives, including many minorities and women who, largely through social media, have obtained a seat at the table...”  Yes.
"Barack Obama wasn't born in the United States" should have been the end of him as a public figure and the fact that it wasn't proves cancel culture isn't real.
 Game happens very quickly unlike what is depicted in this slow motion video... Secondly, do NFL players/fans really want cancel culture taking over the league?
Very enjoyable that “cancel culture” is pretty much angrily tweeting “OH WELL I GUESS HE’S CANCELED, RIGHT” when someone makes fun of someone you like
‘I love drag. It's dangerous’: Graham Norton and Alan Carr on desire, camp and ‘cancel culture’   
Wow missed that new Justin Trudeau blackface video from Saturday. He has to resign, right? Or does cancel culture just disappear?    
Hoffer thinks any mass movement relies on some form of Cancel Culture.   
 Really enjoyed this, thought Graham spoke so well on cancel culture
‘I love drag. It's dangerous’: Graham Norton and Alan Carr on desire, camp and ‘cancel culture’   
Has cancel culture gone too far? The sad truth is that our society has been filled with so much cynicism and hate that we can’t even let a person donate money to kids with cancer without finding something to get offended about. #StandWithCarson #IWregs   
‘I love drag. It's dangerous’: Graham Norton and Alan Carr on desire, camp and ‘cancel culture’   
 Exactly. I don’t think Eddie did this out of fear of cancel culture, but purely based on self reflection. No one is also saying you can never joke about the LGBTQ community, but those jokes today would probably be more reflective of what our society looks like
‘I love drag. It's dangerous’: Graham Norton and Alan Carr on desire, camp and ‘cancel culture’   
 Knee-jerk cancel culture? No. But good faith criticism, particularly when we’re talking about patterns of behavior? Yes. I’m for restorative justice/giving people a chance to be better. But again, acknowledging where one’s been wrong is where that starts.
‘I love drag. It's dangerous’: Graham Norton and Alan Carr on desire, camp and ‘cancel culture’   
 We have to allow for growth. I know we live in a cancel culture society but people seem to forget that some things WERE the culture, as ignorant as it may have been. People have grown and more importantly LEARNED.  &amp; as long as there has been an adjustment, we should forgive.
‘I love drag. It's dangerous’: Graham Norton and Alan Carr on desire, camp and ‘cancel culture’   
GEORGE CARLIN WOULD BE ROLLING IN HIS GRAVE OVER CANCEL CULTURE!!!   Wait .... what?
People getting on him for taking the initiative and calling himself out of being problematic in the past without being attacked for it prior by cancel culture... Folks saying they “lost respect” for him for doing and admirable thing for displaying growth from when he was 23 &amp; 26?   
New Podcast! The SPN is on Spotify! This episode I talk to New York Times Best Selling author and journalist  about cancel culture.    
This is.... Exactly how I feel about cancel culture
 Well, I'm totally with you on Kavanaugh and the whole cancel culture thing. Curious, though: as a non-cultist, do you see any problems with Trump beyond things that just make you cringe? If so, what? Honest question.
  “Cancel culture” also known as not giving them your money, believe it or not, has existed for as long as money has been around.
The most notable thing about cancel culture is that nobody pleads for mercy or forgiveness. All the appeals are to a utilitarian logic of surrendering hostilities for peace.
  OJ Simpson has a twitter account with nearly a million followers. That ended all debate about the alleged power of cancel culture. Eddie Murphy went from Raw to making movies with talking animals. He hasn’t been that dude in a minute
   Unlike Aaron, I believe in Cancel Culture - I don’t support two wrongs making a right. Also don’t believe he was the only one there who did this. But this article does NOT help him at all. Just like Carson, Aaron made mistakes. Unlike Carson, I don’t believe he’s learned a thing.
I don’t believe  should‘ve been fired. But to go &amp; blame politics? This has NOTHING to do with politics. You were a hypocrite. You’ve gone on record saying Cancel Culture doesn’t exist - if you don’t see the irony now you’ve got A LOT to learn   
 cancel culture
People who simply accept the framework that this is something new - a culture unto itself - ultimately end up on a crusade against "cancel culture warriors" instead of understanding this is alienation that has been justified to both parties by the system as "cancel culture."
A discussion with  of lapidation, "cancel culture," and the like.   
Someone needs to tell this young journalist who was fired from his job over old offensive tweets and who was driven from his home and who is afraid to go out in public because of death threats that "cancel culture" isn't real!    
he's also perhaps got the least coherent criticism of "outrage culture" or "cancel culture" you will ever find; he basically accepts these things as their own random thing that some bad people (who he is smarter than) are making happen
I politely disagree. While the Right did complain about this film, only fringe people called for censorship. I'm not saying the Right has never tried to engage in "cancel culture," but since when does Hollywood care about what Conservatives think? "The West Wing," "Red State,"
Can’t wait for the New Republic piece coming out next week: Cancel Culture Exists But Only on the Right   
college debt cancel culture
This week's roundup has links on Danny Duffy's experience with anxiety/panic disorder, "cancel culture," Neapolitan pizza in Tokyo, a killer federal agent in Laredo, craven anti-vaxxer tactics, Rakim, gluten, the NY Times, a Minecraft board game, &amp; more:   
Conservatives Are Guilty of 'Cancel Culture', Too    #news via 
Des Moines Register Reporter Speaks Out, Claims To Be A Victim In Beer Guy Cancel Culture Controversy      
Has cancel culture gone too far? The sad truth is that our society has been filled with so much cynicism and hate that we can’t even let a person donate money to kids with cancer without finding something to get offended about. #StandWithCarson #IWregs   
If cancel culture was real I wouldn’t have to look into Johnny Depp’s dead eyes every time I go through an airport duty free
Cancel culture!
 Sigh. This isn’t cancel culture. Not believing someone is a good fit for a particular coaching job is different than believing he doesn’t have the right to have any coaching job. Are you really too dumb to see this distinction?
if we were really in cancel culture then how come I always fail to cancel my subscriptions before my free trial runs out
Sanity wins, #CancelCulture loses  #CarsonKing
I want to cancel cancel culture.   
“‘I disagree with you and you don’t have the right to exist’ is cancel-culture and that’s unacceptable and should not exist at all in our society today.” —  on the Iowa College Gameday beer controversy   
Cancel culture? A Des Moines Register reporter wrote about a viral security guard’s past offensive tweets. Then someone dug up his own.   
An Iowa reporter wrote about a viral security guard’s past offensive tweets. Then, someone dug up his own and he was fired.  Now, both the profile subject and reporter have weighed in on the saga, which has sparked a harsh backlash to "cancel culture."   
The responses from only white women to this sensationalising tweet is all you need to know about today's society and culture.  "We will cancel you". Like there's a Society of Cancel Culture. Spare us the bollocks.
YouTubers are calling out the platform's 'cancel culture' that subjects them to a rampant hate mob and sees them lose thousands of subscribers in a matter of hours    via 
YouTubers are calling out the platform's 'cancel culture' that subjects them to a rampant hate mob and sees them lose thousands of subscribers in a matter of hours   
   cancel culture of the billion dollar company owned by the richest man in the world, by a singular woman raising concern  okay boss
Cancel Culture turns meta.
A quick snippet of the new show launching Sunday. Special thanks to author and journalist  for joining me as we discuss cancel culture.   
 I’ve always been a HUGE supporter of . I’m very disappointed that your company bought into this “cancel culture”. Can we stop being offended by EVERYTHING, especially something written by a minor? Very disappointed you ended this partnership.
Because rather than the “PC/Cancel Culture Police” they got smacked in the chest with this : It’s a god damn choice . It can be a magnetic, attractive , thrilling choice but constant identification with abusive people ? Isn’t DEPTH . It’s choice . “
    What’s cancel culture?
I suddenly support cancel culture.
 people that criticize cancel culture lose all credibility when 5 seconds later they turn around and form a cancel mob themselves. no principals, just politics there
Joining Tucker Carlson in a few to talk Carson King and cancel culture. Do tune in.
You know how we cancel cancel culture? We bully the bullies. We—who want a world where we don’t punish nobodies for selfless good—spammed the . We found that reporter’s tweets. We cost  a partnership. We rewrote the Carson King story.   
Leftists don’t like jokes, George. They can’t take them. Beware. #CancelCulture
 Aaron couldn't have gotten fired if he didn't have so many bad tweets in his past, but the point is cancel culture is stupid and should end. His editors should be mentoring him, but they majorly threw him under the bus.
 The cancel culture bites back. This is totally sick.
 I have been following this as well, it is sad a good deed goes un noted over some troll scanning back years on a time line. This is the cancel culture which eventually will prevent people from making moves in general.
"Big Business and Big Media sandbagged this guy. They deserve public anger. This cancel culture won’t stop until companies and institutions are compelled to pay a price for cancelling people."   
A reporter dug into his subject’s old tweets. Then he got fired when others dug into his. Is this another example of ‘cancel culture’? WATCH:      
THIS=&gt;  ⁦⁩ : 'Cancel culture is a national plague'    
oh no, you're assuming the paper ousted the reporter for covering the past tweets -- bc you're sane. nope! they outed the reporter for *his* past tweets. one of the cancelers gets eaten by this own game, but the cancel culture is still thriving.
also cancel culture is not real as wayne lapierre still has a job
Here's today's full Outkick the Show on YouTube with  . Topics: Iowa college kid cancel culture absurdity, CFB gambling picks, DirecTV doesn’t want NFL Sunday Ticket, Eagles-Packers   
A local take on new risks in standup // 'Cancel Culture' has some L.A. comedians spooked. Others, not so much   
Iowa college kid cancel culture absurdity, CFB gambling picks, Directv doesn’t want NFL Sunday Ticket, Eagles-Packers   
 Cancel culture is essentially asserting your righteous way of thinking because you feel others do not see the errors of their logic - leaves no room for learning - comply or else
Friday lineup:  anchor Chris Wallace,  on Vaping &amp; cancel culture,  from Team Trump, &amp;  with sports! 3-6p ET Let’s goooooo   
Mike Cernovich Addresses "Cancel Culture" After Aaron Calvin Fired From Des Moines Register    
“Cancel culture, ultimately, is little more than being accountable for your actions and having a public that — mobilized thanks to the democratization of the internet — can tell the market what it will and won’t stand for.”   
How Cancel Culture Killed Sitcoms And Silver-Screen Comedies      
Cancel culture is becoming a source of anxiety for some local comedians.  "If, in five years, somebody sees this tweet ... is the laugh you’re going to get or the like you’re going to get worth bringing your career down?" said David "Murph" Murphy.    
It’s wild that during these peak days of cancel culture Young Sheldon is about to kick off season 3.
Is this really what you all want? “The Des Moines Register's Cancel Culture 'Murder-Suicide'”   
    Alright then it's worth asking whether that avoidance actually means they oppose releasing blameless innocents, or just didn't focus on that question.  Otherwise this is cancel culture 😄
   I mean, that’s how capitalism works. If you offer a product the market doesn’t want then your company ceases to exist. Cancel culture didn’t end the horse and buggy industry, cars did.
 Are you really this dumb? Cancel culture would be saying Schiano shouldn’t be able to have any coaching job. Not supporting him for a particular job is not remotely the same thing at all.
Many are confused by the concept of cancel culture. Easy example. Saying, “I don’t like something,” &amp; choosing not to support it is how capitalistic democracies work. That’s great. Saying, “I don’t like something and no one should be able to support it,” is cancel culture.
   There’s a big difference between saying, “I’m not going,” and saying “I’m not going and no one else should be able to go either.” The latter is cancel culture the former isn’t.
In case you needed more proof that 'cancel culture' is out of control.   
This is also a big opportunity for  or any other Democratic candidate to take a stand against cancel culture using this Carson King story as an example. Would be wildly popular with people of both parties in the state.
The “Cancel Culture” Con   
As disappointed as I am in  &amp;  for supporting jail expansion in NYC, I disagree w/ calls for his resignation. I don’t embrace cancel culture. I think there are lessons here for him/Ford that will be lost with a solely punitive response. #BeTheChange   
Shout out to  for getting  to come out firmly on the side of cancel culture!
"The “Cancel Culture” Con"   
 well I mean I think it's ok to be against cancel culture :) I do think that when cancel culture goes into say something really dumb that someone might of said at one point is a bit too much, it's of course a case by case basis, if someone has done something so wrong thats
The  sat down w/  of #BehindTheInfluence to talk YouTube cancel culture, reinventing herself, and what inspired her EP 2WAYMIRROR (you won't believe this story)   Listen here:      
one of my favorite shows. It does a great job of being edgy while realizing how to properly redirect mocking the perpetrators of oppression and bigotry rather than its victims. People cry a lot about cancel culture on the left, but not while this exists.   
Has cancel culture gone too far? The sad truth is that our society has been filled with so much cynicism and hate that we can’t even let a person donate money to kids with cancer without finding something to get offended about. #StandWithCarson #IWregs   
I'm against cancel culture because everyone has said something stupid at one point or wrong.  Is everyone going to cancel their grandparents too? Let's be real most peoples grandparents have said something that today would be considered wtf.
Comedian  talks his weekly show  Marilyn Manson's missing rib, and cancel culture   
Firing this reporter wasn't the right move any more than exposing King's old tweets was the right move.   Both foster cancel culture, and that's exactly the thing we need to be backing away from.
 I’m ambivalent about his firing, fwiw, because I despise cancel culture. It’s the hypocrisy. It’s like when a fundie pastor is outed as gay, or a MADD mom gets a DUI.
If you want a good example of cancel culture existing only on Twitter, go watch an  episode.
: In this era of call outs and cancel culture, there is a renewed and controversial argument over free speech playing out at universities and colleges around the country.   
I see two outcomes from this kind of retaliation. I can live with both. One is we cancel cancel culture. This is my preferred option. The other is our enemies suffer too. The one option I can’t accrept is that we get screwed and they go on unscathed.🤷🏼‍♂️💥🔥🤔
 Here's your chance to strike a powerful blow against cancel culture!
 I’m not really sure how someone getting fired for doing something jerky is “cancel culture.”
This is how tone deaf the media is... -People complain about cancel culture and people being punished for stupid things they said years prior -As an example, people show that even the paper's staff has done stupid things -Paper responds by firing said staff member
This is a fascinating study of a cancel culture bomb blowing up in the face of a newspaper. (And, uh, why aren’t the editors at equal fault here?)
A guy tried to cancel on me, but I assumed he was using the “cancel culture” definition of “cancel” in which nothing actually happens, so I went to date anyway
Whenever “cancel culture” comes up I think about how Ida Wells paper, the Free Speech, was burned down and its owner run out of town on threat of death because she said most of the “rapes” lynchings were premised on were consensual relationships between black men and white women
 I think cancel culture and socially responsible investing are two completely different movements. Warren is in the latter but probably not the former, which is not automatic for all Ds.
As poetically just as it is that Aaron Calvin was cancelled. The point isn’t to expand cancel culture but to stop this bullshit. No one’s slate is clean. No one is pure. No one escapes the moronically immature teen years as a paragon of virtue.
   Cancel culture doesn't work on just being offended. It's about using people's oppression as comedic relief.
Just grew a bunch of cancel cells in a little Petri dish. It’s a real cancel culture.
'Cancel Culture Isn't A Thing, You Snowflakes.' Cody Johnston Takes Apart the Nonsense Surrounding 'Cancel Culture'   
ICYMI, my long response to that "cancel culture doesn't exist" piece in TNR, and my argument that it fits into a cheap style of misleading writing I'm calling "slalom punditry"    
   Couldn't agree more. Looking forward to a time when cancel culture has nuance, results in thoughtful questions and results in dialogue instead of diatribes.
cancel culture and the incivility of social justice warriors has made me terrified to voice my sincere opinions but i owe it to myself and others like me to speak out and say that mayonnaise is a vastly superior condiment to ketchup
Cancel culture? A Des Moines Register reporter wrote about a viral security guard’s past offensive tweets after he donated a bunch of money to charity. Then someone dug up his own.   
The Des Moines Register does what loathsome, arrogant newsrooms usually refuse to do — admit defeat. Let this be a lesson with #cancelculture &amp; social media mobs. We can survive most policy differences, but this is toxic to a free people. And when we unite we can defeat it.
why cancel culture never came for It's Always Sunny. brilliant, by         
The Des Moines Register has fired their reporter and apologized for the way they covered Carson King’s 16 year old Tweets. I’m hopeful this is an important precedent in the war against cancel culture.
Cancel Culture Is Destroying Hard-Won Employee Rights   
An Open Letter to Aaron Calvin on Cancel Culture   
No one changes anything going into this thinking they can out-cancel cancel culture. No one will ever learn any lessons if people won’t give others a chance to redeem themselves. Only way this stops. Goodnight.
I don’t even like this guy and now the Register has me defending him for the sole reason that they found it a more expedient PR move to continue the cancel culture and scapegoat him for the decisions the editors admitted they made. No one learned a single thing.
Oh! Oh! How about cancel culture as a symbol of white supremacy?
You had a real opportunity  to make a statement about this cancel-culture environment and honestly, it feels like you simply hung the reporter out to dry for editorial decisions your higher ups admitted they made in a previous statement.
The Cancel Culture Wars.
  There are concentrated efforts to make it happen. That's a part of the term. People making the effort to invalidate another person, whether it happens or not. I'll use the term "attempted cancel culture" moving forward
 I mean, look, I agree some "cancel culture" complaints are overblown (like the Joker movie criticism). But this really seems like a classic case of (1) people being punished for wrongthink and (2) ensuring that the speakers' bureau is not open to  wrongthink.
In its record 14 seasons, 'It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia' has dodged cancel culture, controversy - and Emmys   
Eddie Murphy practiced cancel culture on himself when he quit stand-up comedy   
Carson King is the latest victim of a cancel culture that's out of control.    
A young Des Moines Register reporter retweeted Osita Nwanevu's article about how cancel culture isn't real and shortly thereafter got fired for offensive tweets he did like 8 years ago   
 Yeah, OK -- "cancel culture" is the wrong term here. How about "authoritarian censorship culture"?
I hate #CancelCulture. And I still love the  not just as a former emp, but bc of the many great journalists doing good work. But I also believe that to change media we have to demand better, and sometimes that means with your wallet, not just your tweets.
Hundreds?  Try millions. And counting. As an Iowan - I’m humiliated by this. Iowa is full of good-hearted people who care for each other. This cancel-culture cancer does not belong. The Register owes an unconditional apology to King &amp; the sick children at the Children’s hospital.
Everyone is very candid on here and there in no way has been a flight to private encrypted chats, vetted message boards and listservs, because cancel culture is definitely not real and if it were real it would be good.
Mutual Assured Destruction, cancel culture version
Wait, so is this the first official cancel culture murder-suicide?      
1. Retweet sneering piece about cancel culture being a right-wing conspiracy. 2. Dig up cancel culture dirt against a good dude, over absolute BS. 3. Watch counter-cancel culture warriors expose your own thought crimes. 4. Get canceled.   This is going great, everyone!
"Cancel culture is the mutant spawn of political correctness." -  #YAFOnCampus
"You make it big, someone finds something bad you did ten years ago, and you're done." - on cancel culture #YAFOnCampus 
 Cancel cancel culture.
More about cancel culture and “edgy” comedy from a legend.   
cancel culture has gone too far   
But cancel culture on campus totally not real
Omfg can everyone just stop with the cancel culture already?  There are vanishingly few independent journalism organizations these days.  Yes, today’s decision was a bad one. Does it warrant shutting down the NYT? HELL NO.  Engage &amp; Reform &gt; Cancel &amp; Kill #CancelNYT
"I don't think we should glorify cancel culture," says . There can be a chilling censorious effect. It's mob driven. Intent is lost in the shuffle. People pile on, she says.
   I don't believe in cancel culture but this massive toolbag almost makes me root for #CancelNYT
 Cancel culture getting ish done
Announcing  as our official media partner for the next #BHeard Town Hall! Join us for a live debate about comedy and cancel culture with panelists     's  and ! RSVP free:      
 Would be hilarious if the NYTimes got canceled before it’s piece on cancel culture.
“Always Sunny is still a fine example of a show that grows with its audience instead of becoming more hostile, that learns its lesson without taking away from the brutality that made it great.” ⁦⁩ on how the show has survived cancel culture:   
This has nothing to do with "cancel culture." I don't think he's good on commentary these days. Hopefully I'm wrong
And in this day and age of cancel culture it's only a matter of time before someone is seeing telling someone they did a good job get cancelled and branded a racist. WTAF
If cancel culture were a thing the entire NYT politics desk would have been replaced.
 It's a bit hard to  take seriously those voices at these same types of places  who will then speak of a rise in antisemitism. Ummm...they had a chance to protest or cancel this and didn't. Where is the  "cancel culture" now? Where is the ADL...where are the protesters. Silent.
2/ It'd be impossible to overstate the extent to which Osita's cancel-culture article misrepresnted the work of those of us who have written about that general subject. Really frustrating to do the full autopsy. His summary of 's stuff was particularly dishonest.
Here are 11,000 words on "cancel culture" and Osita Nwanevu and Jo Livingstone of The New Republic and why I think some of their work falls into a very bullshit-heavy category of bad writing I'm calling "slalom punditry"    
“He that is without sin among you, cast the first stone.... “ said Jesus... this article is amazing. The reporter who viciously practices cancel culture so boldly,  got canceled himself- almost in the immediate next domino spill. What a time to be alive!   
Holy hell, the best dissertation on “cancel culture” the Carlin quotes are dead on. Listen.
Anheuser-Busch Shouldn’t Get Off Light for Caving to “Cancel Culture” Against a Charitable Man     
Anheuser-Busch Shouldn't Get Off Light for Caving to "Cancel Culture" Against a Charitable Man   
Anheuser-Busch Shouldn’t Get Off Light for Caving to “Cancel Culture” Against a Charitable Man   
This is the best take on “Cancel Culture” and comedians who complain about PC Culture. It’s also one of Cody’s best episodes. WORTH WATCHING THE WHOLE THING.   
Amen ! #TeaParty #CancelCulture #CultureWar    
"Cancel culture, ultimately, is little more than being accountable for your actions,"  writes. "Some creators are willing to rethink what they previously thought was acceptable, and find new ways to crack a joke. Others aren’t."   
  before we can talk about my insomnia, A Disquisition on the Uses and Abuses of the phrase "Cancel Culture" With a Brief History of #MeToo and (Incidentally) What Hashtags Are And How They Are Gamed
Todd Phillips Claims 'Far Left' Is Weaponizing Outrage for His New  #Joker #CancelCulture    
WATCH: Tulsi Gabbard BLASTS the left's cancel culture and Big Tech censorship   
I started series 1 this week. It’s deeply offensive yet very funny, because all the characters are hateful monsters. But I was still really shocked by the racist, homophobic, transphobic plots  Why Hasn’t Cancel Culture Come For “It’s Always Sunny”?   
Why Hasn’t Cancel Culture Come For “It’s Always Sunny”?   
 Director Rejects ‘Far Left’ ‘Outrage’ Over Comic Book Film #Joker #CancelCulture       
"Cancel culture, ultimately, is little more than being accountable for your actions...Some creators are willing to rethink what they previously thought was acceptable, and find new ways to crack a joke. Others aren’t" -    
 cancel culture isn’t real
Why Hasn’t Cancel Culture Come For “It’s Always Sunny”?   
I discussed the mutually assured destruction of cancel culture with  of :      
In its record 14 seasons, "It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia" has dodged cancel culture, controversy — and Emmys   
SO YA WANNA TALK ABOUT CANCEL CULTURE      
"The power to cancel is nothing compared to the power to establish what is and is not a cultural crisis."  has written the definitive rebuttal to the "cancel culture" panic. A must-read.   
 that's the biggest problem of "cancel culture" though - it is more or less an empty vessel, to be used for gain
“'Cancel culture' absolves us of the duty to recall that political disagreements are mediated by debates and elections, not by getting opponents sacked." -   
Carson King gave us a refresher at what it means to be “Iowa-nice”; let’s praise his charitable act and #StandWithCarson. #IWregs #CancelCulture #IowaLegend #IowaNice 
How to stop cancel culture from destroying us, part one from !  WATCH AND LEARN:      
 I'd agree while adding I think "cancel culture" is a misnomer and over-categorization which makes it into a specific argument rather than just another manifestation of socialization in a capitalist society - keeping us arguing about a "big topic" rather than about the big topic
This adorable dog. Another victim of #CancelCulture   
if it is cancelled, that's just indicative of the 'cancel culture' that is helping kill free speech IMO
How the Iowa beer guy became the face of ‘cancel culture’ | By    
#CarsonKing scandal: Why ‘cancel culture’ is a plague on our society       
  Look. I don't believe much in cancel culture, but this is a necessary moral issue to stand against.
Helen nails it.  To paraphrase, 'cancel culture' is like road rage, no matter how right you are, it changes no minds and can hurt people. Tap-screen warriors are lame.
Cheers to everyone who won’t give in to cancel culture
WeWork discusses $1 billion lifeline with SoftBank after it gets brought down by cancel culture 😏   
Tucker Carlson: "Cancel culture is a national plague, and the only people it helps are bullies who use powerful platforms to defame and crush those they dislike, often with the help of major multinational corporations. Thankfully, some people are starting to realize that."
if cancel culture is real why do victims and people who call out abusers usually lose more than the abusers please
The old tweets of an Iowa man who raised over $1M for a hospital spotlight ‘cancel culture’   
The old tweets of an Iowa man who raised over $1M for a hospital spotlight ‘cancel culture’   
Cancel culture can be toxic in the trans community   
Parlament gegen #Johnson:   zum Urteil des #SupremeCourt. Außerdem in der #SWR2Kulturmedienschau:  über #Verzicht als Freiheitsgeste.  über fragwürdige „Cancel-Culture“: #PlacidoDomingo verlässt Met.   
With Izzy Folau back in the news, we'd like to share with you a report by  from our recent mag. It's about cancel culture and the right for an employee to engage in political or religious activity with which one's employer disagrees.  READ:      
   He went from public radio to Fox, so apparently cancel culture comes with a pay raise. Can I please get canceled?
Cancel culture has gone too far.
I don't care where you stand on issues themselves; I stand against cancel culture. I may protest you, I may challenge you, but freedom of expression is something I take really seriously, and I will never support de-platforming you. #Deplatformingischickenshit
Cancel culture strikes again. This is what happens when public &amp; private institutions give in to insane people.     
    Cancel culture is spreading, even to those on the right. I feel compelled to cancel Michael J. Knowles's Netflix subscription now, just to join in on the revelry.
im the freakin CEO of cancel culture baby
2/ My newsletter response to the Osita Nwanevu "cancel culture" piece in TNR will come tomorrow, by the way. It's VERY LONG and will be for free subscribers. Sorry for the delay but had to hook up my paid subscribers first. 'Tis only fair.    
Tucker Carlson Defends Carson King: ‘Cancel Culture Is A National Plague’ That Helps Bullies ‘Crush Those They Dislike’   
That anti-abortion webcomic guy with the aliens made one about science and now everyone is retweeting it onto my timeline can we please fucking stop? Cancel culture is the worst bc NO ONE ACTUALLY GETS CANCELLED
Tucker Carlson defends Carson King, rips the politically correct "cancel culture" that bullies on the left are currently using, with success, to "crush those they dislike."  Given the blowback, however, they might have overplayed their hand on this one.    
The cancer of cancel culture     
finally got to read  on "cancel culture." WHAT A PIECE.   
the issue for me is that when someone says "cancel culture doesn't exist" its basically never accompanied with this conversation; like no, a culture built around cancelling is absolutely pretend - we agree  but also capitalism exists
Tonight after Masked Singer -  Did she wait too long to evacuate her horses before Imelda? Hear from their owner...  Then on The News Edge at 10p -  When the past haunts you... we're looking at #CancelCulture .  Tonight beg at 9p on FOX26!   
I think calling it cancel culture rather than "capitalist norms" helps shift the blame away from the overall social narrative and towards people who are "creating bad culture that hurts people."
But it's apparent everywhere, and that's not "cancel culture." It's just the obvious fact that socializing people with hypercompetitive norms suck.
I have to say I disagree with people who just outright dismiss "cancel culture." I don't believe it's some new phenomenon that we should pretend it's its own culture (and give it's own name), that it is in fact a manifestation of competitive capitalist norms in social life.
Bethany Mandel: Stop Bowing to Cancel Culture   
Do you ever find yourself saying, "Oh that guy? Yeah, I like that guy! ... wait, is he problematic?"  This isn't so much a Cancel Culture joke or even commentary. It's just, like, an actual thing that happens to me now.
 on  tonight talking Des Moines Register and #CancelCulture   Do. Not. Miss. It.
Barbara Kay: Concordia's Liberal Arts College finds it's not immune to cancel culture      
 This is why we need to cancel cancel culture
Is there a better radio show than 's? We talk about optimal airplane strategies, boards of directors, cancel culture and burgers. THAT'S a show.
Where do you stand on cancel culture, has it gone too far this time? Or is this exactly what we need?   
 He seems to be just thumbing through the Cancel Culture hashtag. Babe, I'm indie, too. This ain't the way it's done.
TONIGHT at 8pm ET!  Celebrities get political at the Emmy's with the pay gap and trans acceptance.  Then, The Young Turks defend Cancel Culture.  PLUS Mattel comes out with a line of gender-fluid dolls for children.  And why Greta Thunberg needs to chill.    
#cancelculture aka #hypocriteculture To the people who look back into someone’s past to dig up the dirt WE ALL HAVE.  How bout you put your own past out there for everyone to pick apart w/ a tweezer...? Yeah, didn’t think so.
#CarsonKing's old ‘racist’ tweets tarnishing children’s hospital fundraiser is yet another case of toxic ‘cancel culture,’ used by thought-leaders to beat dissent out of mainstream culture   By Graham Dockery      
On the latest edition of #TheOne #podcast,  is joined by bestselling author &amp; Associate Editor of  . They discuss his new book "The Madness of Crowds: Gender, Race &amp; Identity" &amp; the mob mentality of the cancel culture:   
Looking forward to being on with  tonight on Fox to discuss cancel culture and the shameful  . Tune in!
Sarah Silverman's Curious Takedown Of 'Cancel Culture'   
Today's  podcast -- an uprising against #CancelCulture in the heartland. #CarsonKing     
 What’s the opposite of cancel culture?
 entirely unrelated. i don't believe in "cancel culture" as anything more than "facing a shred of consequences culture". also, the road to redemption is long and harvey weinstein was just two years ago. christianity is organized, centralized, and funded. secularity is... nothing
Kira Davis: Cancel Culture Is Vile And The Des Moines Register Should Be Ashamed Of Themselves [Video]   
     Honestly starting to think you didn't even watch the video, which has lots of specific examples of what I'm talking about, as well as people using those examples to complain about cancel culture.
Cancel culture has gone very very far
Oh so you are against cancel culture and yet you think I should be imprisoned for a series of brazen daylight murders  iiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnteresting
    In fact, lots of articles were written decrying those actions, though the term "cancel culture" did not then exist. People were very upset by those cancellations and called the faction of the right that brought them about censorious jerks.
A lot of funny and nuanced (nuance?! What's that?!) takes on "Cancel Culture".    
    The distinction was made because when The Discourse complains about cancel culture, they're largely talking about the specific definition discussed in the video. I didn't * avoid* talking about how online harassment or ruining lives is bad. Mentioned it several times, actually.
 Cancel culture?
Everyone is hot for cancel culture until they’re on the other end of it.
  But that's simply not true. I didn't make that claim. Both specifically - I never said or suggested those books were casualties of *anything* - and broadly, because my piece (which was written over 2 years ago) ***isn't about cancel culture***
Had intense and wide-ranging talk with  abt How To Have Impossible Conversations, the book he coauthored w  the "social grievance hoax," cancel culture, and more.        
  Gonna need a few tweets to explain this so bear with me. Nwanevu quotes me, saying the books are my "list" of "supposed casualties of cancel culture." Anyone reading will interpret this graf as saying "Kat claimed, incorrectly, that these books were casualties of cancel culture."
Kira Davis: Cancel Culture Is Vile And The Des Moines Register Should Be Ashamed Of Themselves [Video]     
cancel culture totally out of control
Cancel culture is so out of control that you can't even say things "against the Jews" anymore
 made a mistake as a 16 year-old. As a 24 year-old he’s helped raise a $1 million for a children’s hospital.  Busch and Des Moines Register are major companies, and they’re afraid of the “woke scolds.”  #CancelCulture is evil. Watch and share!    
Kira Davis: Cancel Culture Is Vile And The Des Moines Register Should Be Ashamed Of Themselves [Video]   
Plácido Domingo verlässt die Metropolitan Opera – wegen Vorwürfen sexueller Gewalt, die er aber bestreitet. Ist eine cancel culture die Lösung?    
cancel culture is getting out of control
Smh all this cancel culture
If idea markets were a thing, I’d short “cancel culture” as it seems the sentiments surrounding it are souring...
Cancel culture does not exist. Again for those who love to shit on POCs/women who speak up for ourselves, CANCEL CULTURE DOES NOT EXIST
    Yes, I think Kapernick, like The Dixie Chicks and Bill Maher circa 2001, was a victim of cancel culture
If "cancel culture" means you have to follow basic academic research requirements, it has ceased to have any meaning (thread)   
Carson King is the latest victim of a cancel culture that has gotten out of control.   
We just got exciting  news about next week that we can't wait to share with you on  in ten minutes! Also, Buck Ofama weighs in on #ImpeachTrump and #CancelCulture claims another victim yet oddly finds justice. It's #OneHitWonderDay as well on #DGL at 2!
I rarely make commentary videos anymore (I'm trying to be better about that) but this #CarsonKing hot dumpster fire of ridiculousness really got under my skin. Had to comment.      #CancelCulture #Pathetic
"Cancel culture is only their latest phantom. And it’s a joke."      
Cancel Culture Impoverishes Both the Heart and the Intellect |    via    
We flipped the format this week and  from  interviewed me in front of about 400 people in Austin, Texas. Clip one on cancel culture right here:      
Ocean Vuong has been named a 2019 MacArthur Fellow. We talked to the Vietnamese-American poet about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
  fwiw i appreciate when  does this because her experts are actual experts in things and not just like, an adtech CEO who wants to talk about cancel culture
Can't wait for Trump to address the nation about this serious national security issue that is threatening our democratic foundations. Of course I'm talking about, um, cancel culture.
I’ll be on  talking cancel culture in moments. Tune in to see this   
One day I'm going to leave all this silliness behind and fulfill my dream of being a voice actor.  ...until cancel culture exposes my Twitter, businesses part ways with me and I'm back here talking about this nonsense again.
I wrote about cancel culture and . Edgy comedy and how we don’t route for redemption anymore for        Thanks 
Cancel culture snaps back, reporter feels the bite from social media (from  )      
#CancelCulture
'Does runaway cancel culture explain the Fermi Paradox?'
How to Stop Cancel Culture From Destroying Us (Pt. 1)     
I’m so tired of this hypocritical cancel culture buffoonery and new societal trend of denying redemption and forgiveness.
 I understand the concept, but your premise that I’m out here ripping folks based on political affiliation just isn’t accurate.  If you think that one political party is the lone perpretrator of cancel culture, you’re sadly mistaken.
In defense of cancel culture, complications and all, by me, via    
 cancel culture doesn't exist -- it's just a way for people to lash out at a rapidly changing world in which their racism is no longer acceptable
Gotta say this  /Carson King story is the one of the most amazing Cancel Culture boomerangs ever tossed by a terrible person at a good kid. If Calvin has his job tomorrow, you'll know the  is an organization w/o any standards other than "it's okay for us."
 cancel culture is out of control.
Wonder if he still thinks “cancel culture” is a con now 🤔   
Good morning to everyone except the leftist vampire goblins who tried to cancel a college student that raised over a million dollars for kid’s with cancer.  Cancel culture hit a new rock bottom. #standwithCarson
I don't question why plenty of people prefer anonymous social media accounts in the age of cancel culture.
cancel culture has gone too far   
   Otherwise why are they digging into what a 16 year old tweeted in 2011? Cancel culture just canceled a college kid raising millions for a children’s hospital. All for being immature at 16.
#CancelCulture has really gotten out of hand y’all
The media is black-out drunk on their influence on cancel culture.
Cancel culture is out of control, y’all.
Cancel culture strikes again! Imagine having a man with a history of sexual harassment cover the election. Misogyny doesn't exist in a silo. It will absolutely show in his POV
 Cancel culture strikes again
#CancelCulture: a definition of this social boycott at ’s Women in #Brand #Marketing 💔 #AWNewYork #AWNY   
Twitter:  1. Carson King raised $ for charity  2. Ok let’s find out how bad he really is.  None of us are as good as our best accomplishments, or as bad as our worst mistakes. But we ALL make mistakes (Romans 3:23). This is why cancel culture is asinine.
 If this is what "cancel culture" looks like, getting a victim-blaming fluff piece in a major magazine and then your own radio show, sign me up. I'm ready to be cancelled. But of course, that's only ever granted to white men so JK guess I'll just keep trying not to be an asshole.
Our country is definitely being destroyed from within. Who would’ve ever thought communists would use SJW’s and cancel culture to take down the United States. It’s gross.
Cancel culture strikes again
Cancel culture is garbage conduct by garbage people. The Des Moines Register chose to participate in that culture.
What some people call cancel culture, others call consequences. None of you are free of sin. Everyone will be punished.
 So when you say “cancel culture,” what are you referring to? Is it something more consequential than...just people publicly critiquing/engaging with public speech?   Can you give an example of a canceling?
This will be the result of cancel culture   
 Hmm one difference I notice is that reactionaries use denouncing “Cancel culture” or clapping back at it as a marketing tool. Like, “support me to pwn the libs!’  Or to hide that sometimes there’s a consensus of people saying something is wrong by calling it a mob¯\_(ツ)_/¯
 We hope this backfires on you in such a tremendous way that your newspaper folds. Media outlets around the country are ripping you today. Hope your “Cancel Culture/woke” bullcrap was worth your reputation and possibly some of your reporters careers. Hope it was worth it
 Cancel culture isn't a real thing, though. People have been silenced since before manipulative rich people made it into a term.
An Akron bar owner’s attempt “to capitalize” on 9/11 with a $4 shot special has critics across the country calling the move bad karma while free speech advocates say the “cancel culture” is trying to censor to death another business with a different view.   
The people throwing around the phrase “cancel culture” seem to imply that we have to accept everything anyone says or does as hunky dory and never disagree or critique and you know what? I’m canceling that way of thinking because nope.
  Saying the whole publication needs to close bc of a shitty reporter and editor is literally the cancel culture you’re going off about.
Do you think that our republic should embrace this sick cancel culture where people are being destroyed for tweets they’ve sent when teenagers or ridiculous PC culture?
Agreed. Retweet. 100.   Our cancel culture is just sick. And out of hand. Worst part is the hypocrisy involved: those same people digging up trouble undoubtedly have skeletons &amp; bad times in their past that they so willfully ignore.   SAD!
bUt CaNcEl CuLtUre iSn’T rEaL
Cancel culture should be... cancelled.*  (I know, I know. It’s late.)
There are two sides to cancel culture and honestly both sides are annoyingly extreme.  Desus &amp; Mero are the best example of how to live within that world.  Their older stuff was reckless, they trimmed out some stuff that offends, and they’re still great.    
My wife put up autumn/Halloween decorations while I wasn't looking, and now I support cancel culture
  The funny thing is, I HATE cancel culture. But these are the rules they made. So I’m regurgitating them.
 One more thing. Maybe. Who knows, I'm lit right now about this.   I don't want Aaron Colvin to lose his job. I want him and the rest of the media to learn that cancel culture is idiotic. We all have said and done stupid things, but we GROW UP. Isn't MoveOn y'all's thing anyway?
Cancel culture is the worst.
This doesn’t seem very tolerant of you, Aaron.   I won’t post any more of his tweets. But this cancel culture is a terrible game. You live by it, and you will die by it. It helps no one. It isn’t journalism.   
  Same. I was under the impression that cancel culture was out of control, but apparently the defender of torture still gets NYT op-eds.
Ops, parece que a Cancel Culture não pegou na França...
I've always told my daughters to look for two things in potential husband -- 1) love/fear of God; 2) that he's had his ass kicked in life at least once. If you want to know why #2 is needed, see "cancel culture" and newsroom douchebags with their "routine background checks."
This guy was sent thousands of dollars after making a Game Day sign asking for beer money. Rather than keep it, he decided to use it to raise even MORE money to donate to a children's hospital. And now he's in hot water for a tweet he wrote at 16.   Cancel culture is a DISEASE.
*rolls up sleeves*  *rocks back on heels*  seems like....  *inhales deeply*  cancel culture's really gotten out of control, folks,,,,
Now that NYmag is out of the picture, I’m starting a glossy magazine that consists entirely of takes about comedians and cancel culture. For, against, it doesn’t matter. All that matters is that we gather all of this engaging, important content in one place every month
The comedian Bill Burr has criticized Shane Gillis's firing from "SNL" as the work of sensitive Millennials. But Burr himself is a perfect counterargument to his own complaints about the scourge of so-called cancel culture,  writes:   
 This isn’t “watchdog” reporting. It’s cancel culture.
  That John Yoo still gets to write NY Times op-eds about separation of powers is a true failure of cancel culture.
You could say that I'm strongly in favor of Cancel Culture: a culture of cancelling all plans and never leaving the house.
Like a single one of you "cancel culture" fans didn't try to get Ukraine to help YOU out of a jam
people are being MURDERED and yet you critique CANCEL CULTURE????
On today's podcast, I talk w/ Chuck Klosterman about impeaching Trump, cancel culture, the perils of Twitter, &amp; the cinematic brilliance of Sylvester Stallone's "First Blood."      
next week: roman polanski on the perils of cancel culture
Brands and the people who select influencers for campaigns really screw themselves over by not knowing the difference between objectively and subjectively offensive, by not understanding cancel culture and social media’s power.
🎥The #Emmys host the most poorly rated show in their history.  reacts to the celebrity speeches and explains why their partially responsible for cancel culture.  FULL VIDEO ==&gt;      
but keep going on about cancel culture and me too, you sound smart
my new favourite podcast is by  - CULTURALLY RELEVANT. really superb conversations, including with THE FAREWELL's  writing &amp; bisexuality &amp; losing faith with  &amp; cancel culture &amp; directing giant music videos with :      
  No, no - you’re only a “casualty” of cancel culture if you actually get cancelled.
Shame on the South Carolina for their response to "the State's" headline, they submitted to cancel culture. - Derek Fogel
 yeah, totally unreasonable to suggest having your highly anticipated debut novel literally unpublished due to a negative online reaction could 'derail' your career. these anti-cancel-culture folks and their hyperbole!
 I mean the problem is I have no idea exactly what you're talking about or to what you're referring. I don't know what you mean by "cancel culture," because it's an increasingly dumpster-fire term. The biggest problem with your piece is you attempt NO engagement with what has
To those still acting like "cancel culture" is really making a huge dent in trashbag's lives: Kanye West is now the highest paid rapper this year, making $150 million since June 2018 according to Forbes.  $150 million AFTER backing Trump.
We need a cancel culture for “tow the line” and “chomping at the bit” and “reign him in.”
 The piece I am mad about makes no reference to them at all, instead pretending the start and finish of the "cancel culture" and "callout culture" conversation is, like, dave chappelle
 I don't know what "cancel culture" means and have only used it in a broad sense, responding to other people's arguments about what it is and isn't. I think it is a borderline useless term at this point.
   What is your definition of "cancel culture"? People kick that term around like they do "political correctness" and it barely means anything.
“Ours is a golden age—by comparison to an era, within living memory, that saw intense legal and political battles over censorship—of the American public not being offended by things.”   on “cancel culture” is so good    
   If you had asked me to define cancel culture, I would have included stories like this, which you don't mention or seem very interested in. I don't know where you got this idea of what I believe -- not from my writing, for sure.    
Proving that libs love cancel culture
 It can't honestly be that you don't understand there's a difference between writing "Kat wrote that several authors had been targeted by cancel culture" and "Kat wrote that several authors had been casualties of cancel culture"... Right?
   Osita, with respect -- this bad-faith bullshit that works very well on Twitter and in TNR, where there is no one to call you on it, is not going to work with me, ever. I am asking you to defend your claim that Kat said a number of authors were "casualties" of cancel culture.
   I can't tell if I'm being trolled here. Do you recognize that these two phrases are different  -"target of an attempted cancallation" -"cancel-culture casualty"?  It is weird to me I have to do this with a professional staff writer at TNR.
   Do you understand that you took a graf in which she noted some ongoing controversies, and then quickly proceeded to say they had FAILED to gain much pickup, and presented that list as "casualties" of cancel culture?
Addendum: Cancel culture only exists in regards to politicians
 But context matters, too. And in 2019 this kind of argument is often used to shut down valid criticsm and accountability. It is not the same as, but rhymes with, the people who call any kind of consequences "cancel culture."
Could cancel culture please catch up to this guy already?
 But aren't people who use the term "cancel culture" necessarily describing a phenomenon that won't have the same affect on everyone? Whether one ends up like Justine Sacco or someone  who is criticized but doesn't go viral often seems arbitrary in a way that affects chillingness
“Cancel culture”
Editorial: "Cancel culture" is not an epidemic       
   That’s correct: that’s why I’m trying to practice “non-extremism.” People quick to cancel culture, quick to take a stand and quick to opinion. But what about quick to empathy? So I’m just trying to practice.
    I really need #CancelCulture to come through for once
 I’m curious why you believe that talking about Dave Chappell with respect to cancel culture is not just wrongheaded but so obviously so as to degrade the legitimacy of the concept. After all, other rich, comparably famous comics (Roseanne, Louis CK, Kathy Griffin) got cancelled
Yes. Good. Bemoaning cancel culture is a long way of saying your comedy is awful now      
Put an end to the cancel culture by canceling their recess.
 cancel culture has gone too far
The comedian Bill Burr has criticized Shane Gillis's firing from "SNL" as the work of sensitive Millennials. But Burr himself is a perfect counterargument to his own complaints about the scourge of so-called cancel culture,  writes:   
1/ The closer I read the cancel culture piece, the more really basic errors and willful misreadings jump out. Nwavenu totally misstates what my reference to the "whisper campaign" was here. The whole point of that segment was to show readers how unhinged some of the rumor-   
🎥The #Emmys host the most poorly rated show in their history.  reacts to the celebrity speeches and explains why their partially responsible for cancel culture.  FULL VIDEO ==&gt;      
As I continue to run my mind around who creates culture, who is/should be/needs to be involved, general biz fears (especially on here) &amp; cancel culture...  Shout out to the biz's (and the necessary perspective of) who genuinely "cancel" intolerance in their branding. #AWNewYork   
So who in the Trump operation got a 'cancel culture' reference into his big UN speech?
Cancel culture takes no prisoners. The threat of being socially ostracized over a misspoken word is one that looms over us all like the sword of Damocles—but one that sways erratically, killing its subject with a thousand cuts.      
Opinion: Cancel culture should only affect those who are actually problematic, writes Shona McMorrow.   
Trump attacks social media platforms at the #UNGA in a section about the dangers towards liberty we face (which includes "cancel culture??):   
HAHAHA THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES JUST CALLED OUT CANCEL CULTURE ON THE FLOOR OF THE UNITED NATIONS
I'm writing a long response to Osita Nwanevu's "cancel culture" piece, which I thought was misleading and point-missing in myriad ways, as well as the broader genre of writing in which it sits. I'll be sending it out today or tomorrow, for free:    
The critics of cancel culture are plainly threatened not by a new and uniquely powerful kind of public criticism, but by a new set of critics: young progressives, including many minorities and women.   
This is everything wrong with 'cancel culture'.
So you're saying we should cancel the people trying to cancel imprecise takes on cancel culture I'll cancel myself out now.
Cancel culture isn’t real because the guy who got fired from TYT because a woman said she raped him can file a $23.5 million lawsuit and still have a big following but when I wanted to sue TYT over misogyny and anti-Semitism the lawyer said I had no case because I quit
Brian Kidd on cancel culture, Mauricio Mackey and the eyes of Quique Sánchez Flores. By    
excellent piece on cancel culture myth --&gt; "The power to cancel is nothing compared to the power to establish what is and is not a cultural crisis."    
Enfin, je termine en citant cet impeccable papier sur la “cancel culture”, phénomène encore trop peu traité par les médias français qui le confondent souvent avec les lynchages 2.0., qui n’en sont que le prélude. Bonne lecture !   
Too nuanced or too hard-hitting? Filmmaker on how cancel culture affected the Jordan Peterson biopic     
When is cancel culture coming for my student loans send tweet
“Cancel culture” seems to be the name mediocrities and legends on their way to mediocrity have given their own waning relevance. They’ve set about scolding us about scolds, whining about whiners, and complaining about complaints”   
The issue of 'cancel culture' is complex, but here is where some Hollywood stars land on the topic.   
Ice Cube’s “No Vaseline” trending? Wait til cancel culture listens to that one   
The only good piece I’ve read on cancel culture: ‘The power to cancel is nothing compared to the power to establish what is and is not a cultural crisis.’      
But, something something cancel culture or whatever ...  Chicago brewery  posts Beto O’Rourke photo, triggers Facebook users   
Cancel culture now extends to authors dead 70+ years ago.  First Laura Ingalls Wilder, next the Founding Fathers.  Or did I get that order wrong?  :/    
  No David, she masterminded a pay disparity and created the #MeToo movement because something something cancel culture.
You'll know all this impeachment talk is serious if someone writes a think piece about how its another example of the reckless excesses of cancel culture.
...The political climate at the time was different such that context and personal change over time still existed in the social psyche of our nation. With today's cancel culture I fear that these older views will be pulled out of context &amp; edited into some kind of...(6/?)
Sarah Silverman slammed "cancel culture" as a "kind of righteousness porn" that has cut off comedians "at the knees."    
Do people tweeting "No Vaseline" realize how homophobic/antisemitic that track is?  I'd suggest Canibus/2nd Round KO instead, but, uh, misogyny/homophobia.  Actually, all diss tracks are classic toxic masculinity.  Well, at least we know "Cancel Culture" was long before Twitter.
Comment: There are rare occasions that cancel culture results in lasting impact.   
I'm not even a big sports fan, but I now love  because they are fighting back against "cancel" culture.  Good job  !
People who love cancel culture often claim it's just the free market. But they have more in common with Wall Street speculators and hedge fund elitists they claim to hate.   
"Cancel Culture" isn't actually cancelling anyone   
“As far as comedy is concerned, ‘cancel culture’ seems to be the name mediocrities and legends on their way to mediocrity have given their own waning relevance.” -     
I think it's time we cancel the cancel culture
Male comedians crying about cancel culture and censorship are seriously just bullshit. Lucille Ball couldn't even say the word "pregnant" on television and she was funnier than every male comedian alive today
I don’t know a lot about cancel culture but if it means ignoring Dave Chapelle’s comedy because he wore this ridiculous long-ass shirt I guess I approve of it   
Great piece. A note about “cancel culture”: this also comes from a generation who understands that they have to vote with their dollars and their attention, because that’s the most powerful force they have.
Some thoughts on blackface and cancel culture...
  I'll make this clearer if/when I write more, but I just think "cancel culture" is a pretty bad framing because it's trying to contain so much Stuff
 Wait is the joker a response to cancel culture or a proponent ... I gotta see this movie
 This is what I think of as being ‘cancel culture’   
 You’d have to ask the writer—my opinion is that the Sarah Silverman thing is, but Jay Z isn’t. “Canceling” is just shorthand, but “cancel culture” as I understand it is the *culture itself* of looking for past transgressions.
 Yes, Nick Clairmont’s language column this week does a good job, it’s out from behind the paywall at midnight. To my mind, what makes Gibson not cancel culture is that it wasn’t past comments subjected to current standards. But also I don’t think Gibson should be canceled.
 It’s also the complete unwillingness to actually engage with ppl’s arguments. The ‘cancel culture’ debate is an interesting one! I’m open to arguments it’s not such a thing. But all I’m seeing is strawman attacks and handwaving.
Cancel culture is out of control! Now these people want a former Governor to not give credibility to a guy who called Obama a Muslim who should be hung for treason...actually, that seems pretty reasonable
Osita Nwanevu either didn't read Kat's article closely, or is simply lying about it. There is no way to read the grafs in question and suggest that she was listing "other supposed casualties of cancel culture."  Can't stand this bad-faith stuff. It's everywhere.
Comedian: Marginalized groups are dumb and bad.  Marginalized Groups: You're dumb and bad.  Comedian: [writes a thinkpiece for the NYT about the collapse of civility] [does a press tour about Cancel Culture] [names his next Netflix special "Triggered"]
And the graf Nwanevu quotes was, in fact, a list of controversies that DID NOT catch on, illustrating the arbitrary nature of this stuff; presenting it as a "list" of "supposed casualties of cancel culture" is either a massive reading comprehension fail or an intentional lie
Cancel culture backfired on the moderator who called out Joe Biden. She herself was canceled for racism.   
Cancel culture is doing a piss poor job dealing with Jenny McCarthy, tbh.   
Cancel culture is becoming extremely common you can’t say anything in 2020
I spent most of summer 2017 reporting this piece about twitter discourse and creative climate in YA; it's a holistic look at controversy and includes extensive quotes from people on both sides of the issue, "cancel culture" neither mentioned nor alluded to   
Very interesting read:  #Canceled: How cancel culture is affecting brands   
FYI: People who adamantly complain about "cancel culture," are often the same folks who are still doing shit that should have gotten them cancelled a long time ago.   Think about it.
  really bad. but it was before cancel culture ruined the united states, so i kept listening to metallica every day from then until now
Cancel culture claims another game developer.   
. said there is pressure today not to push comedic boundaries too far.  “There’s a kind of righteousness porn going on in this cancel culture. There’s nuance to it. There’s good and there’s bad."    
I don't want to give them too much credit because I think it was entirely accidental, but Matt Lubchansky and Carlos Maza are two of the only people being honest about "cancel culture" or whatever you want to call it   
Is "cancel culture" ruining comedy, or merely changing the conversation? Join panelists     's  and  at our next #BHeard Town Hall and have your say! RSVP here:   
"'Cancel culture' is a phrase that’s been lobbed often this past year, as an impulse toward outrage is ever-amplified by the megaphone of social media. But what the hell does it even mean?"   
"Being canceled happens when there is a mismatch between the thing someone said or did, and the ethical expectations of their audience." Helpful explainer of what cancel culture means
. and i wrote last week about the endless cycle of arguing over 'cancel culture.'   
I am so here for  canceling the cancel culture panic   
 I see a lot of white women and men of color coming back from the dead, so maybe cancel culture is only real when it’s WOC being cancelled
"As far as comedy is concerned, 'cancel culture' seems to be the name mediocrities and legends on their way to mediocrity have given their own waning relevance," ...rather "than adapt to changing audiences..."   Great stuff in this piece via :   
 I'm still left. I have not changed. Feminism Has. Cancel Culture can kiss my ass. I will do all the shows.  Make all the statements everywhere. I cant be bothered with this petty shit.
Cancel culture is a tulpa -- it doesn't exist but if enough people believe in it, it will exist.
All of this. It cannot be overstated how much of the hand-wringing over “cancel culture” is really a backlash by a Rightwing celebrity class against those they have traditionally worked desperately to not hear.   
 Not my def. I'm still left. Pro choice pro autonomy pro LGBT pro socas. Pro humanism pro kindness pro science pro skepticism.  Anti cancel culture. Pro due process. Anti purity test. Anti tribalism.
 Or maybe ill throw them off my train. Like Im doing to the reg left now.  Cancel Culture sucks. Purity tests are childish. Civil rights aren't disposable and social justice is not a weapon. Civil discourse beats name calling and labeling, and forgiveness is not a sin.
The New Republic: The “Cancel Culture” Con.   
I liked this article a lot. I am so sick of seeing news outlets talk about cancel culture like the latest epidemic when only a handful of people ever face any consequences at all for their harmful actions. It's just the same generational conflict that has always existed.
The “Cancel Culture” Con      
 By the extreme left I meant those that seek to limit free speech especially in the arts. I meant the people that are offended by everything unless it is identical to their ideology.. cancel culture etc. the key word is extreme
Just remembered when all the men on Arrested Development were CANCELED in a single day because they gaslit Jessica Walter in an interview. And yet one of them won an Emmy last night.  NOT SAYING HE DIDN'T DESERVE THE EMMY just pointing out that "Cancel Culture" IS A MYTH
"The critics of cancel culture are plainly threatened not by a new and uniquely powerful kind of public criticism but by a new set of critics."   
The key insight in a phenomenal  essay on ‘cancel culture’ by . I highly recommend reading the whole piece:      
  I was responding to a tweet claiming that those complaining about "PC" and "cancel culture" are just objecting to civility and being criticized out loud.  Which is definitely neither insightful nor original.
Ahh, the regressives who shit on me without evidence now are complaining I'm not 100% on line with them anymore.  To be clear, I dont care. I will do all the shows I want and it will not make me more or less guilty.Your petty feuds are not my concern,nor is your cancel culture.
Cancel culture? I thought we did that already.
Democrat  blasts left-wing cancel culture that shuts down free speech   
2/ they don't actually want to talk about any of this -- meaning "cancel culture" or online mobs or whatever -- they are focusing on the infinitesimally small subset of cases where no sane person would feel THAT much sympathy, because the target is insanely rich and famous.
 The main problem with his piece is he thinks the big criticism of cancel culture is that it destroys the lives of rich comedians. Nobody but rich comedians cares about what happens to rich comedians. It's what the phenomenon does to the broader popular culture that's dangerous.
1/ I'm inevitably going to do an article or newsletter post about this latest skirmish in the Cancel Culture Wars, but just to get one point out there right away: because of the definitional fuzziness of "cancel culture," a thick fog of bullshit has descending on this entire
 I mean we may disagree on stuff but this is the point I have been making forever. I don't understand how you can pretend this stuff isn't a big deal when cases like this arise: cancel-culture skeptics never address this part    
But when criticizing the panic over "cancel culture" it's very dangerous to do what this author did, which was boil it down to, "If you have not been physically assaulted or jailed, then you have nothing to complain about when it comes to backlash." If that was true ...
this is why there’s so much outrage over so called cancel culture. There’s great inequity and inconsistency
dave chappelle is funny. so are bill burr, adam carolla, sebastian maniscalco, sarah silverman, and other comedians who have been dragged for their jokes and  spoken out about cancel culture.  they're not condemned witches or on a hollywood blacklist. the comparison is asinine.
to make that comparison you'd be drawing a line between prominent comedians and a social class that had been oppressing the powerless. more importantly, you'd have to know they happened. most people don't because, like cancel culture vs. comedians, they had little lasting impact.
if you want to compare cancel culture to historical phenomena, the most appropriate ones i can think of are the jacquerie or the revolution of 1525: peasants who, after being treated like shit for several centuries, formed angry mobs to inflict misery on the aristocracy.
about a year ago, when people were complaining that cancel culture was like the reign of terror, they found much less sympathy.  after all, such a comparison places prominent celebrities alongside asshole french aristocrats who had been grinding their peasantry into the dust.
since i studied witch-hunting in college and my senior thesis was on similarities between witch-hunting and mccarthyism, it's annoying to see powerful, successful comedians (specifically) compare *~ cAnCeL cUlTuRe ~* to either or both of them.
This is an honest and exceptionally written piece about when personal pain and news story collide, the strange monolith that is cancel culture and why the internet age does not allow writers to be fallible
it's political correctness when you get mad and cancel culture when I get mad, I don't see what's hard about this
As the baby cried his heart out this morning I thought “Don’t be so sad baby. At least there’s no way for Aaron Sorkin to make a new episode of TV about cancel culture”
 Most discussions of say cancel culture involve its effects on rich, powerful, and/or famous types. There's a logical asymmetry there you're right to identify but I don't think it's right to put rando user no. 242 and a guy with a Netflix contract on the same rhetorical level.
is mislabeling your receipts cancel culture
  Indeed. Every time someone complained of cancel culture, I just wanted to ask, who has been cancelled? My next question was, if this is what getting cancelled is like, how do I get cancelled?
 I didn't think it was unfair or misrepresented your piece, actually. Your essay was about toxic fandom, his is about material consequences "cancel culture," which get exaggerated for fun and profit. It's neither your fault nor his that opportunists read your article in bad faith.
"As far as comedy is concerned, 'cancel culture' seems to be the name mediocrities and legends on their way to mediocrity have given their own waning relevance.”   
stipulated that this piece is correct re the distinction between murder/imprisonment and criticism. but — and maybe this is moving the goal posts — fwiw, most liberals i know who fret about "cancel culture"...    
Yes, it's true that trying to cancel people can backfire and actually make them more popular and successful. I'm not sure this is the same thing as saying cancel culture does not exist.   
"Critics of cancel culture are plainly threatened not by a new, uniquely powerful kind of public criticism but by a new set of critics: young progressives...many minorities and women who, largely through social media, have obtained a seat at the table"    
my favorite instance of Osita doing Cancel Culture was the Drunk TED Talk where he read extensively from an old George Will column blaming the decline of western civilization on jeans
The fact that many of the anti-cancel culture writers cited are friends and are all some flavor of trans-antagonistic make the last few paragraphs especially powerful.
I am just appalled that the New Republic published a repudiation of “cancel culture” and failed to mention the concentration camps on the southern border OR the Syrian refugee crisis. Truly heartless work over there.
'Jordan Peterson' Documentary Under Cancel Culture Attack   
" As far as comedy is concerned, 'cancel culture' seems to be the name mediocrities and legends on their way to mediocrity have given their own waning relevance." ~  with that heat    
The “Cancel Culture” Con    
Your Monday Morning Must Read: "When they’re not weeping into plates of hors d’oeuvres about Twitter, they may well be writing for the Times or The Atlantic, finishing up a forthcoming best-seller..." The “Cancel Culture” Con    
The Cancel Culture Con      
As for “cancel culture” what I’ve always been typical of our attempts to keep a speaker from a particular campus, get a company to fire a particular person, or other things beyond criticism. (Discusses at length in  ?)
The definitive piece on “cancel culture” by          
     Weird, I asked Osita to comment for my cancel culture piece and he ignored my message. Cool dude.
 Truly. The ending ought to occasion shame in the cancel-culture-merchants.
.⁦⁩ has written the definitive piece on “cancel culture”   
 wait you deleted this. cancel culture is ruining the discourse
The “Cancel Culture” Con        
"critics of cancel culture are plainly threatened not by a new and uniquely powerful kind of public criticism but by a new set of critics: young progressives, including many minorities and women who have obtained a seat at the table"   
“As far as comedy is concerned, ‘cancel culture’ seems to be the name mediocrities and legends on their way to mediocrity have given their own waning relevance.”      
Whew,  is getting me this morning with this nuanced look at the myths and misconceptions of cancel culture:      
There’s a large audience for tales of "cancel culture" woe and comedy marketers are hip to it. For the comedians who work that lane, life is lucrative.   
Cancel culture lol       
Not a huge fan of cancel culture, but I *am* a fan of culture, and this ain’t it.
This is a great, great piece by  on the "cancel culture" fraud   
“As far as comedy is concerned, ‘cancel culture’ seems to be the name mediocrities and legends on their way to mediocrity have given their own waning relevance.”   
“‘cancel culture’ seems to be the name mediocrities and legends on their way to mediocrity have given their own waning relevance”   
“… power remains with opinion leaders who are, at this point, skilled hands at distending their own cultural anxieties into panics that—time &amp; time &amp; time again—smother history, fact &amp; common sense into irrelevance. Cancel culture is only their latest phantom. And it’s a joke.”
 I must be very sleepy bc when I read the headline I was like "oh there's a cancel culture con as in comic con? are dave chappelle and shane gillis gonna do a set together?"
Cancel Culture and Your Security Clearance -    #clearancejobs
One of the things I hate the most about our current cultural climate is we’re living in the age of cancel culture while simultaneously shrugging off what would have once been major political scandals.
SEXE, POSTUREIG I REGGAETON La «Cancel Culture» i el moralisme; l'article de  sobre les condemnes per masclisme, racisme, sexisme, violacions de drets humans, lgtibfòbia... que envolten les celebritats i els famosos   
 you need to get people like that into posting total crank shit always or you’ll just clog the site with 10,000,000 iterations of “how about cancel culture but it’s a guillotine tho...”
can shane dawson make a “docu-series” on onision, but not interact with him in any way to give him any spotlight, just show all the vile things he’s done and collectively decide he’s cancelled and not welcome on the internet? not a fan of cancel culture but this is important thx
The people who write long tweet threads about cancel culture being toxic are still tweeting abuse at BioWare because Anthem was a bit shit.
I don’t remember too many people complaining about ‘cancel culture’ when the Dixie Chicks lost their careers due to a most benign criticism of George W. Bush
 You're taking "cancel culture" too far with this bit
MUST WATCH Cancel Culture Conversation on TYT   
At the Emmys, Cancel Culture Gets Called Out – from Perhaps an Unlikely Place     
At the Emmys, Cancel Culture Gets Called Out – from Perhaps an Unlikely Place   
Lmao at people trying to cancel cancel culture.
Ugh...cancel culture   
b-b-b-but cancel culture   
 but I thought cancel culture ruins people's careers
Tell me again about cancel culture
If you haven’t seen Fleabag yet, you’re cancelled. Sorry those are the rules of cancel culture, baby!
Whatever you think of cancel culture, I guarantee you the biggest injustice in your world is not a C level actor's Tweets from five years ago.   
Cancel culture is real and has life-ending consequences. Hi, I’m Billy Bush and welcome to the Emmys red carpet special.
 Cancel culture Dan, it’s real and many blue check marks on this awful website participate in it.
   You've made the error of assuming the article is about what's popularly called cancel culture. If you're going to criticize the piece, you should at the very least read it.
   It seems you're unable to separate my tweets about Shane versus my observations on cancel culture--and cancel campaigns. The article is about the latter. Cancel campaigns are media-focused efforts to harness the utility of cancel culture.
 I agree wit ya I just thought cancel cancel culture was a funny phrase
Presidential candidate Andrew Yang still believes comedian Shane Gillis should not have lost his job on "Saturday Night Live," telling CNN's Van Jones, "We're all human and we can forgive."    #SNL #CancelCulture
how long before the good folks at twitter internally decide “cancel culture is so 2018, let’s move on to the next big thing” and they stop fueling it by giving it limitless free boosts on the moments page? we all know it’s coming, just wondering when 🤔
SEXE, POSTUREIG I REGGAETON La «Cancel Culture» i el moralisme; l'article de  sobre les condemnes per masclisme, racisme, sexisme, violacions dels drets humans, lgtibfòbia... que envolten les celebritats i els famosos   
I tell you, this cancel culture is getting completely out hand
I’m not repeating the accusations, which are tenuous and difficult to validate. Just goes to show that cancel culture isn’t good after all.
Matt Lubchansky, the guy who makes those cringe lefty comics about how cancel culture doesn’t exist, made his twitter account private after certain allegations about him surfaced.   
Everyone who talks about so-called cancel culture in comedy and how everything is so PC should watch this  set and learn how it’s done.
Also I’m sure white nationalists would love his position. Racists wanna racist without any consequences, so Yang’s mischaracterization of “cancel culture” plays right into their desires.   
All cultures cancel certain opinions, says . What "cancel culture" does is different.   
Yang has a very alt-right understanding of the non-existent cancel culture (and other issues). And it’s worrisome.   
 Many folks suffer real and severe costs from cancel culture. It's heartless to treat it so lightly.
What exactly is “cancel culture” — and should we fear it?   and  discuss this week on “The Argument.” Available wherever you listen to podcasts.   
SEXE, POSTUREIG I REGGAETON La «Cancel Culture» i el moralisme; l'article de  sobre les condemnes per masclisme, racisme, sexisme, violacions dels drets humans, lgtibfòbia... que envolten les celebritats i els famosos   
Cancel Culture, Trump-style...   
Oh, and speaking of media-bashing, the  was denied entry because of librul bias (derp) even though I've never been barred from a damn thing in the last 20 years I've been doing this, including 6 prez campaigns. #Cancelculture, amirite?  
  are we still doing cancel culture?
The same people against 'cancel culture' are the people who are against cancelling student and medical debt so at least they're consistent
Why 'cancel culture' doesn't always work      
3 celebrities that have been affected by Cancel Culture   
.: "Cancel culture has really become sort of a source of fear for many Americans where we live in a culture that you are somehow afraid that if you say the wrong thing that your life could be changed forever."       
We’re not just trying to merely win an election.  We’re trying to wrestle a party back from the brinking point of cancel culture &amp; the complacency of liberal elitism.   #HumanityFirst means ALL humanity. Our political foes, our fiercest critics, our enemies *within.  #YangGang
  My god what did I just return to. Cancel culture is toxic!
Why 'cancel culture' doesn't always work      
   Is 'cancel culture' where people decide they don't want to give a public figure their money because the public figure is a bad person or because they strongly disagree with something that the public figure said?
.: "Cancel culture has really become sort of a source of fear for many Americans where we live in a culture that you are somehow afraid that if you say the wrong thing that your life could be changed forever."       
We need to cancel “cancel culture.” “Cancel culture” is just an excuse for people to continue to get away with bad behavior. Accountability is very different from being “cancelled.” Damn straight U’ll be cancelled if you refuse to learn from, or change your abusive/wrong behavior
"Conservatives would prefer to live in a society marked by grace and civility rather than one marked by petty opportunism and cancel culture."  - 
Cancel culture is so hot right now.   
Cancel culture gets to UNGA.
We’re planning out and doing this on STAGES now? #CancelCulture is out of control!   
  Cancel culture doesn't exist
  How does cancel culture go hand in hand with a rapist president?
.: "Cancel culture has really become sort of a source of fear for many Americans where we live in a culture that you are somehow afraid that if you say the wrong thing that your life could be changed forever."       
Presidential candidate Andrew Yang still believes comedian Shane Gillis should not have lost his job on "Saturday Night Live.”  ”We're all human and we can forgive,” he tells  when asked about “cancel culture.”  Watch more at 7 p.m. ET on CNN.      
Calling it “cancel culture” is a deliberate redirect: take holding powerful people accountable for their actions and turn it into a Hot Take Factory. Which 1) are we not all sick of that bullshit by now? 2) now I want to take a trip to the far superior Hot Cake Factory.
Cancel culture exists for a reason
Name a celebrity who has ever said or done anything remotely controversial—they've probably been canceled. But is 'cancel culture' going too far?   
I agree: Yang's good-faith approach and opposition to cancel culture is heartening, for sure.   Wonderful  piece from 's :    
 Nah, b/c I'm not good at unraveling subtweeting. I was just trying to figure out what in the recent news would seem like 'cancel culture run amok', and came up confused...
 And the canceled assholes have scared the good men out there into thinking “anything can happen to them” now that we have cancel culture and that’s just not true.
It’s almost as though those crying about cancel culture are really demanding that the path to fame stays clear for sub-mediocre talent.
Ah yes, the “remotely controversial” marrying of one’s stepdaughter, calling a black woman a gorilla, sexually abusing teenagers, saying black people wanted to be slaves, and last but not least: raping children. Cancel culture really has gone too far.   
Some people rail against "cancel culture" while others say it's necessary. And a lot of people just have questions.  Here are some answers.      
the denouncing of “Cancel culture” is about a few rich people who want to turn their personal feelings of vulnerability into a battle in the culture wars between “woke” and “unwoke”   It’s basically become a marketing ploy to rack up views &amp; 💰 while claiming victim
You might look at someone famous who gets “canceled” only to find even greater success and assume it’s all a conspiracy theory made up by the right to attack SJWs.  And yet, cancel culture primarily affects smaller creators and absolute nobodies who receive little to no support.
 Okay let’s just ignore the fact that cancel culture primarily affects small creators and nobodies more than it does celebrities.
SJWs claim cancel culture doesn’t exist, or that its ineffective and only causes the canceled to gain more wealth and opportunities.   Tell that to Alec Holowka.   
In Part 3 of my exclusive with  he talks about his views on cancel culture, and how  treated the Asian American community as a monolith. Full:   
I hope so because if so I've been in the cancel culture train for a decade
.: "Cancel culture has really become sort of a source of fear for many Americans where we live in a culture that you are somehow afraid that if you say the wrong thing that your life could be changed forever."       
Cancel culture.   
Cancel culture a 'source of fear' for many Americans, Andrew Yang says    #2020Democrats
“There is increased attention to the phenomenon of cancel culture recently. In part, it’s because our society has reached critical cancelled mass and the people who have been taken down by their communities are refusing to stay down.”     
Not losing sleep over this but given the prevalence of cancel culture I’m always astonished at the silence on this topic
. also comments on 'cancel culture' and says one should make these informed decisions for themselves
Cedric The Entertainer poked fun at Dave Chappelle and Kevin Hart because of their experiences with "cancel culture"  "You should condemn them and let me be number one."    
I thought #CancelCulture meant how many more years is  going to be on? We need to do something about it. I mean those kids must be 70 by now and they still sound like they're not trying. Have they ever taken a cold reading workshop?
Name a celebrity who has ever said or done anything remotely controversial—they've probably been canceled. But is 'cancel culture' going too far?   
I guess cancel culture lasts for one night only.
Why 'cancel culture' doesn't always work      
Can you give me a good example of cancel culture gone wrong? I know there must be many but I need a reminder.
At this point, it's hard to say "cancel culture" is a real thing   
 Only because we have hashtags and online boycott campaigns and cancel culture campaigns against hosts, which really aren't the show, but around the show.
I know I said that we should cancel cancel culture, but I take it back. Can we cancel the guy who came up with the red light system?
Not a single real person in the world knows or cares about who George Conway is. Can we Cancel Culture cable news?
What "cancel culture" misunderstands about political communities, from :   
.: "Cancel culture has really become sort of a source of fear for many Americans where we live in a culture that you are somehow afraid that if you say the wrong thing that your life could be changed forever."       
There is no “cancel culture” you do your job shitty, you get fired.
I won't ever say their name publicly because we've all fallen at some point, and I don't believe in cancel culture, but I am glad that I posted and the person saw the post, because a thoughtful dialog was created.
What is #cancelculture, and why can’t people stop arguing about it? (via )      
I really enjoyed this episode! We talk a lot about so-called “Cancel Culture”! We go places!
Can we cancel culture Nancy Pelosi?
Are we living in a "cancel culture"? 's answer: "If we were living in a 'cancel culture,' would we have a sexual predator in the White House?" Watch the discussion:      
"Cancel culture" is a problem — not because it cancels certain people and ideas, but because of how it seeks to go about achieving this goal.    
The Great Schism was the original cancel culture send tweet
This #BlackfaceTrudeau issue is about character maturity and seriousness. It is about Trudeau’s feckless standards: woke zero tolerance for others but he merits compassion. #CancelCulture is his code of ethics. He should honour it. 👇#cdnpoli
.: "Cancel culture" has become source of "fear" for Americans      
.: "Cancel culture has really become sort of a source of fear for many Americans where we live in a culture that you are somehow afraid that if you say the wrong thing that your life could be changed forever."       
“To say that it’s good that comedy has changed isn’t to say that all of the forces that are involved in so-called ‘cancel culture’ right now are good,” says  on this week’s episode of “The Argument.” Listen wherever you get podcasts.   
What the hell is "cancel culture" anyway?   
u say there is cancel culture but comedians managed to become presidents in guatemala and ukraine
Random thought: can we have have RESTORE CULTURE? instead of cancel culture.   Where we tell the hidden stories, where we decolonize demisogynize destigmatize by restoring what's authentic to power as we move ahead?  I'm up for restoring dignity and power.
What a wonderful galaxy-brained take for our times – "cancel culture is great if it's done with fatwas"
In a world of cancel culture, how does this 🤬 still have a job?!    
What 'cancel culture' and its critics get wrong   
Jonathan Kay: Conservatives shouldn't unleash cancel-culture insanity on the wounded Trudeau      
     There is no such thing as cancel culture but you obviously just want to argue. I don’t have time or interest.
Cedric The Entertainer poked fun at Dave Chappelle and Kevin Hart because of their experiences with "cancel culture"    
Let's not ignore racism because "cancel culture" is too much    via    
Condemning racism is just common decency, writes .  "And at the end of the day, we would do well to note that most of the so-called victims of cancel culture are, in fact, totally fine."   
  This is interesting bc Rubin suggests conservatives might need to hold progs to their own standards re: cancel culture for past transgressions against the Left (I’ve thought this too). But tucker has the better pt: why are we playing by their rules at all?
At our next #BHeard Town Hall, Laughing Matters: Comedy &amp; Accountability,   Ray Dejon,   and  will discuss the impact of #cancelculture on contemporary comedy! RSVP free here:   
   #CancelCulture #woke His rules. Sure not mine. He’s destroyed reputations for far less.
I get that the photos are new for a lot of people and they need to emotionally process them. I'll be glad when they're not splashed on every media outlet. But they're also from a very different time in Trudeau's life. You can't condemn cancel culture, then perpetuate it.
 Dicho eso, también al "otro lado", hay quien confunde cualquier crítica o intento de discusión o análisis con censura o "cancel culture". La verdad que resulta fascinante cómo herramientas supuestamente diseñadas para "conectarnos" han hecho que discutir sea tan difícil.
All cultures cancel certain opinions, says . What "cancel culture" does is different.   
Trudeau hid his #BlackfaceTrudeau  habit cuz he was "embarrassed." If any other mortal was so presumptuous he'd string them up. Same rules for him. HIS rules. High sanctimony and zero tolerance for any deviation from #woke diktats is high treason in his #CancelCulture. #cdnpoli
As promised:   "At the heart of the anger over “cancel culture” is the fear that you might get canceled yourself — combined with the indignation that someone might ask you to change."   
Am I just too old to understand “cancel culture”? The name of it simply isn’t intuitive
"Cancel culture is a phrase that’s been lobbed often this past year, as an impulse toward outrage is ever-amplified by the megaphone of social media. But what the hell does it even mean?"  shares more in this week's OBSESSED newsletter.   
My videos on cancel culture this week accidentally tied in to the shit that hit the fan in Canadian politics this week, so I'm giving my thoughts on that for Feedback Friday because it's impossible to avoid it.   
 We share 50% of our genes with bananas but they have the least heard voice. Maybe a little sensitivity? #cancelculture #intersectionalism
If any of the free speech warriors from the Intellectual Dark Web or "rational centrist" YouTube has registered their outrage over the Trump administration exercising its own form of cancel culture and censorship on campus, I haven't seen it.
At this point, it's hard to say "cancel culture" is a real thing   
Is it "Cancel Culture," facing consequences, or something in between? Our roundtable discussed:      
 Bernie Bros: what happens when the worst of cancel culture runs for president?
“‘Cancel culture’ has gone too far!”  Also, Fox and Friends segment just now:   
Vermeule has blocked me because I don’t believe in God, but the last thing I saw him arguing was that cancel culture “should be regulated and ordered by a settled authority—ideally a perfect society, divinely established.” This is merely to exchange one tyranny for another. (4)
Is It 'Cancel Culture,' Facing Consequences, Or Something In Between? Boston Globe Columnist  and comedian and author  weigh in.   
What 'cancel culture' and its critics get wrong:   
“Cancel Culture” Is Dangerous Because Everybody Deserves Redemption and the Right to Work, Except Actresses Who Turn 40 - McSweeney’s Internet Tendency   
  He has been a champion of cancel culture and brutally harsh w anyone who transgresses the impossible standards he sets. Now he has to live up to his own standards. If he wasn’t cute and a trudeau he would never have gotten this far. He forgot that he too is mortal.
Trudeau has been an outspoken leader &amp; champion of #CancelCulture. He has held himself out as being a flawless paragon of virtue. Zero understanding when others trip up. Now he’s feeling what he has inflicted on so many. What he SHOULD do is own THAT. #TrudeauBlackface #cdnpoli
I'm tired of cancel culture, of outrage, of tribalism and of the constant politicisation of everything. I'm tired of the binary way in which people see the world, black and white, left and right, right and wrong. This way of doing things is neither pleasant nor productive.
forget cancel culture - reboot culture. Can’t we just make new things? Gah. Like rebooting Battlestar?  Or Princess Bride? Blarg.
In den USA greift die #CancelCulture um sich: Der schwarze amerikanische Komiker  hält dagegen. Das Format auf Netflix funktioniert – und macht sogar Spass. #sticksandstones #DaveChappelle   
  Again. I would NEVER ascribe to convict and shoot before trial. But Justin and his PC posse have advocated and done that. They champion cancel culture. A trail of victims. Zero tolerance. He should live by his own ridiculous standards.
i’m not a die-hard cancel culture person but jesus it just makes me gag
 I think he’s necessary and fucking “cancel culture” is the problem, not him.
“We all believe in ‘cancel culture’ in that we all believe there are things you can do that forfeit your right to be a star. But the related question is … what are the moral and ideological norms for society right now?” says  on “The Argument.”   
  He has practiced cancel culture. Viciously. Touche time
  He would hang anyone else who did this. He is a champion of cancel culture. No ifs ands or buts. Same obnoxious standard should apply to him
  He would hang anyone else because he is a cancel culture champion. That’s what this is about and that’s what I wrote.
  The main point? Which I actually address. Is that Trudeau is a champion of cancel culture. A practitioner and advocate. Except when it comes to him. Hoisted on his own petard.
 Only time God is brought up in the WP opinion page is to justify “cancel culture?” Very telling
 If the response to Danson a quarter century ago wasn’t cancel culture, then why is this?
 Was Ted Danson cancel culture?
While I’m no fan of cancel culture, this prize is supposed to be awarded to people who promote “tolerance and reconciliation” and who improve cultural relations between people.  Clearly giving her the honor in the first place was a misguided decision      
Surprise, surprise. Shan Gillis' first set is about "cancel culture."     
 We're on very similar pages, though I don't like to see ANYONE fall to cancel culture precisely because I fundamentally disagree with cancel culture.
  It's a tough call. Agree that it smacks of "cancel culture," but in this case the author's politics strongly contradict what the prize is about.
People who bitch about cancel-culture are now heavily participating in cancel-culture. That’s no way to cancel cancel culture.
 But these are two different sites for the argument. To take the rms case, no one is arguing against emacs or gcc -- the cancel culture that formed around R. Kelly or Michael Jackson has not formed around Stallman. So no black-and-whiting there.
Cancel culture 🥴
Is “Harriet the Spy” about cancel culture or
 I don’t follow this account, I was tagged    unsure why he removed it? But yes I decided to nip it in the bud before more kept unfairly labeling me a devil. It still happens daily. If only outlets shared both sides, &amp; Cancel Culture had paths to redemption 🤷🏻‍♂️   
Cancel culture giveth and cancel culture taketh away
Left-wing campus cancel culture run amok
#MUGCLUB QOTD: What do you say to the leftists who still insist cancel culture doesn’t exist?   And how far do you think it will have to go before even they tire of it?
Jonathan Kay: Conservatives shouldn't unleash cancel-culture insanity on the wounded Trudeau      
The main argument against the existence of Cancel Culture seems to be: “they aren’t really canceled because they can still be assistant shift lead at McDonald’s.”
 BUT  CANCELCULTURE!!!!!!!!!
At 7: It's called “cancel culture” — the shunning of public figures for bad behavior. But when is it fair to write someone off?  &amp;  join. Plus, former Lt. Gov. &amp;  Pres. Kerry Healey on her new project at the Center for Advancing the American Dream...
Double standards in #identitypolitics aren't trivial. Many are so sanguine about the destructive impact of political correctness identity rage because they never experience it. The optimist in me hopes #TrudeauBlackface will make many on the left aware of #cancelculture's cruelty
 I don't know. Going after people's past and amplifying its significance...we should discourage. But it's important to discourage tribalism, and thus highlight that commentators who usually promote #cancelculture can't award exceptions to rage politics when it's one of their own.
A step-by-step guide to why people can’t stop arguing about ‘cancel culture’   
Cancel culture, but for wars.
PS- if you are here, check out my podcast  we have had episodes on cancel culture, social justice and more   
You're assuming consistency of principle is important to those on social media, when really most of us vary our principles on cancel culture, outrage etc based on tribalism ie if it's one of us or them copping it.
  cancel culture has really overpromised
turns out the trending Jim Jones is not the cult leader. i thought maybe the dreaded cancel culture had finally caught up with him too.
Blackface me once shame on you, blackface me twice shame on me. Blackface me THREE times? Mama that's cancel culture
 Not sure how you would apply the concept of "cancel culture" to a federal election.  He isn't a comedian on SNL, where some random thing got dug up from decades ago.   Also I reserve the right to make fun of Trudeau for being a naif.
On the virtues of cancel culture.   
I sympathize with journalists. They have to side with cancel culture or the stories won’t run/they’ll be cancelled too. They gotta go where the money is. Let’s move to mars
 handled it well, so far. Thnk U. 🙏🏾 There’s no roadmap for coming back from racism. But, I have little appetite for call-out &amp; cancel culture. That’s not social justice &amp; I’ve seen what it looks like up close. Hunan beings are complex &amp; fallible.
A  columnist says cancel culture isn't a real thing bc  is on  and Billy Bush has a job.  Get 's response on today's :      
I believe the #JustinTrudeau #blackface apology is sincere b/c he is doing the work to challenge racial injustice. Don’t compare him to the almighty. Compare him to the alternative w/ACTIVE instances of racism &amp; homophobia. #cancelculture is what gets people like Trump elected.
Cancel culture
Put together and shake well:   - a white man - a terrible sense of humor - racism  and you'll get:   - a half-assed non-apology apology - a TED talk on how cancel culture ruined everything - A band of white men dying on a hill defending racism
*NEW:  Sorry, Prime Minister  - but if you live by the woke cancel culture, you die by it.  My column:      
 Cancel culture also draws near equivalence with behaviors that are wildly different. For example: I've seen Aziz Ansari's #MeToo moment equated with Harvey Weinstein's. We lose all sense of perspective.
  i suppose it was just a matter of time before gymkata cancel culture reared its ugly head
My perspective is that Trudeau did stupid things. People do stupid things. I've certainly done stupid things. Though beyond that, Trudeau has contributed monumentally to the cancel culture that would have already vaporized the career of anyone else caught doing what he did.
  Cancel culture is a great way to at least present the idea that celebrity should be no one's goal.
 we covered cancel culture. Laddah 14 is on the scene. #ShaneGillis #CancelCancelCulture #cancelled #SNL   
"cancel culture" is just a new name for how the internet is excellent at facilitating mob mentality/groupthink, something we've all been talking about for years
"Boycott cancel culture" is a boycott I could finally get behind.
by, it is not "inconsistent" for me (and others who hate the ethos of the Cancel Culture) to go after him. You are not virtuous for taking the highfalutin "high road" and granting him a pass. I may abhor violence but if you attack me in an alley, I'll fight you. No inconsistency.
Let me type this slowly so that the slow ones could understand:  The leaders of the Cancel Culture headed by Herr Himmler of Hypocrisy  have imposed a set of rules on the rest of us to live by.  If their leader is now caught violating the rules that he has governed
My feed is full of cancel culture.   
Lauren Duca on NYU Complaint, BuzzFeed, &amp; Cancel Culture   
 I'm not attacking it with a hard cancel culture hammer, mind you. I'm just saying it gotin the way of my full enjoyment.
while we're talking about cancel culture can we talk about how Becker as cancelled over 15 years ago, despite telling a heartfelt story of an angry doctor, and it's never even been considered to bring it back
  I am willing to attend a summit to end #CancelCulture   And TBH I really enjoy wicked humor &amp; despise the grievance industry that decides  Everything is problematic   I nominate  and  as heads of the Lighten up Francis negotiating team
Shane Gillis took on “cancel culture,” social media, and racism in his first stand-up set since being fired from S.N.L.   
cancel culture is real because no one ever laughs at my “making all local stops eh” elevator gag
  Thanks for proving you're part of the disgusting cancel culture that is infecting our country.  You, and everyone like you, who picks apart what people said DECADES AGO, are an abject idiot. GTFO our mentions.
 Honestly, I don't play the cancel culture game. I take each on caae-by-case basis. College stuff usually gets a "meh."
cAnCeL cuLtUrE ✒      
PSA:  Woke cancel culture reporting on something that happened 20 years ago is the lowest form of journalism.
     Since you asked, Yes, I’m still unemployed for being canceled &amp; still ghosted for shit I didn’t do. I’m trying to move fwd &amp; get to work, by Canceling Cancel Culture. Learn more here:    View the trailer here:     &amp; No, Matt’s not a guest   
Biden's age, cancel culture, and Atwood's The Testaments on the latest episode of the Argument:   
Cancel culture is so wonderful and good for society unless you cancel a single person I agree with
This is the real cancel culture that we don’t call cancel culture. We just call it “the way things work.”
“Cancel Culture” is lauded in bipartisan fashion when the “canceled” are people who give a damn about Palestinian human rights. Read the whole thread.
This is genuine #CancelCulture in action, folks. Anyone who dares to publicly acknowledge that Palestinians are human beings entitled to equal rights can face real personal and professional consequences. If you are an ally with power, this is where the movement could use help.
    Ja. Ons ruimtes krimp. #cancelculture
Usually #CancelCulture goes after people over a bad joke or racist comments from the past...etc. But sometimes,  they go after people for supporting a non-violent campaign for Palestinian human rights:    
Are critics of cancel culture, proponents of free speech and literary organizations that still Je Suis Charlie themselves going to come out in support of Kamila Shamsie’s right to free speech or ....?
 cancel culture has gone too far
  I think so too, but the man is a champion of cancel culture to some degree, certainly the poster boy for those who support it so it'll be interesting to see if they eat their own.
#CancelCulture is in full effect But only for the Right  NY Times editors have plenty of racist &amp; bigoted tweets Apologies accepted #LiberalPrivilege  "Conservative" hire for SNL makes racist jokes  Sacked  We can't surrender on this   Until they stop    
Uh oh! Are the Fox and Friends doing cancel culture to Taylor Swift?   
 Nawww, I think Canada was the original cancel culture  PC culture in Canada = American PC culture on steroids
 He even earned an Oscar nomination for that performance (much deserved) so  would have to answer to this too. #CancelCulture must be cancelled at some point. Only then can we emerge from this new dark age.
What if: cancel culture is when someone not esp famous or powerful does something not great but the backlash is so intense and disproportionate that it winds up increasing sympathies for them?
It’s so interesting to witness the primary perpetrators of cancel culture get eaten by the beast they created.   Would hate to be you,  :(
Lol cancel culture is pointing out I’ve been bad at math since 10th grade
“We all believe in ‘cancel culture’ in that we all believe there are things you can do that forfeit your right to be a star. But the related question is … what are the moral and ideological norms for society right now?” says  on “The Argument.”   
     The above reply is correct and I was also making the point that Lemon is not a journalist because he presents #CancelCulture as a fact, and then says how much he’s against it. It’s not a fact just like when he accepted as a fact the alt right lie that college kids are snowflakes.
     I RT’d Norm’s comment about me. I wasn’t aware of what he was tweeting. Lemon supports the #CancelCulture theory. My initial tweet was clear. I was slamming Lemon. I get what you’re saying though. Thanks.
 Not my place to decide what makes a man or what career they should pursue. I don’t want to kick anybody while they’re down. You guys PWNED him on that stream, it was brutal &amp; deserved. He’s paid the price &amp; still hit every day. In this age of Cancel Culture - how much is enough?   
I’m not going to defend «cancel culture», and I definitely think people deserve an opportunity to repent and redeem themselves *but* when someone mediocre has a lucrative career in entertainment and there are many funnier and more interesting people, maybe a little judging is ok.
  I have hope that “standards of the time” might start to be seen as a valid defence against cancel culture :)
cancel culture is not new. humans have been known to ostracize monsters.
Justin Trudeau? Canceled. Cmon cancel culture! Do your thing!
 Are you trying to cancel cancel cancel culture?
  We are just pointing out Trudeau's hypocrisy. He has fired Liberal candidates for far less.  It's funny when the leftists who embrace cancel culture have it boomerang back on them. You reap what you sow.
He was benched for Blaine Gabbert but sure my dude, cancel culture or something.
 tackle cancel culture and #ShaneGillis #cancelculture   
A sample of the private things Muslims share. If it weren’t for cancel culture and Islamist backlash, nothing here would have to be privately disclosed.   
A step-by-step guide to why people can’t stop arguing about ‘cancel culture’   
 She should be cancelled for this. (And I’m rather anti-cancel culture) #CokieRoberts
Yes Yes Yes Yes YES! Cancel #CancelCulture  *nice buzzword 💪
 I'm against cancel culture but I do think that both you and Trudeau should be cancelled over this.
While I think that this cancel culture of chastising someone for something they did nearly 20 years ago (that really didn’t hurt anybody) is absolutely ridiculous, do your thing left wing!  Get him!
The fact is if this was anyone on the Right it would be a massive scandal and they’d be forced to step down.   Trudeau is progressive media darling thus will get a pass.  Cancel Culture is bad enough but the asymmetry of it can’t stand much longer...    
 I saw #FreakishlyLargeHog was trending and at first I thought #CancelCulture had finally come for me.
When so-called “principled” people defend purveyors of cancel culture from being canceled, they’re doing so to virtue signal. They don’t care about ending the culture—they just wanna come out looking like good guys when others around them are ruined. They think they’ll be spared.
.: Let’s not go on about “cancel culture” when Sean Spicer gets to go on a prime-time redemption tour.   
  And I do look forward to all those who habitually shriek about out-of-control cancel culture (people and publications) coming to the unequivocal defense of Trudeau. #cdnpoli #elxn43
 'Cancel culture is bad, unless we can weaponize it' seems to be the direction. It's been a consistent theme of Canadian politics over the past four years. Self-reflection = bad.
  You linked to a story about a guy dressing in brownface and you said nothing about the racism and complained about cancel culture (despite the fact that no one is calling for Trudeau to be cancelled). There are some pretty obvious conclusions one can draw from that fact.
  Who said it's not forgivable? Trudeau himself is apologizing for it right now. But your immediate response before the apology was to post about cancel culture. Which to my mind means you are okay with this shit.
The ruling class freaks out about cancel culture or PC run amok or whatever because they all did a bunch of racist or sexist stuff and usually there are photos
Cancel culture has been renewed for another season.
WATCH: Bill Burr, Jim Jefferies React To ‘SNL’ Firing Shane Gillis, Blast ‘Cancel Culture’ //     #ICYMI
Bethany Mandel: Is Concern Over “Cancel Culture” Elitist?   
 The elder statesmen of comedy are immune from cancel culture. But what happens when comics who aren't already successful and powerful run afoul of the culture commissars?
If the Liberals aren’t prepared to apply their reactionary cancel culture to their own leader, they should stop maligning Conservative candidates every day of the campaign for years-old indiscretions.   
I am looking forward to the Shane Gillis defenders and opponents of “cancel culture” doing a 180 ° on the issue
I’m not a Trudeau fan but for the love of fucking Christ, can we please stop this stupid ‘cancel culture’  Everyone has skeletons. If we all start digging up shit from decades ago, we’ll all be fucking ‘cancelled’
Have a handful of male comics really had their lives “destroyed”? On the contrary: “Cancel culture” has given them a new way to band together   
   You will notice that people do not refer to "at-will employment" as "cancel culture." Indeed, a boss being able to fire an employee on a whim is a celebrated "freedom" in this country. It's only "cancel culture" when it applies to people who are not supposed to be disappointed.
  Hey I think that’s same person who tried to contact me for a story about “cancel culture.”
I'm not big on cancel culture but I am very excited to go back to never hearing about Shane Gillis.
🎥Who is behind cancel culture?  is on the case as cancel culture comes for comedy.  FULL VIDEO ==&gt;      
And as for what life looked like BEFORE cancel culture, there's this from 1938:   
Live from the Alec Baldwin Roast: Insult comedy in the era of cancel culture anxiety (via )      
 I think you've just explained why it doesn't reliably work on powerful people - why would the free market destroy all the capitalists?  if "cancel culture" is analogous, there ya go  this was intuitive on your part
So yeah, I bet we could find earlier examples, but it does feel like the late seventies or the early eighties were when cancel culture as we now know it really came into bloom. That's about four decades ago, if you're keeping score.
    Guy complains about the “cancel culture” and then this   
Hey  here's an idea. Why not have the real-time subscriber count reflect the highest subscriber count that channel ever obtained in real-time. That way, if it goes down, the cancel culture mob can't use it as a means to see their "downfall".
Now I'm really getting interested, because the early 1990s are seen now as the heyday of political correctness, but cancel culture was clearly going strong by the mid-1980s.
 True but I think the sickest thing about it is that that’s what’s happening FROM the people yelling “ we have to stop cancel culture “ the most. People who actually are supposedly canceling are mostly like “nahh” I can’t be doing that
WATCH: Here’s The Viral ‘Cancel Culture’ Sketch Starring Comedian ‘SNL’ Just ‘Canceled’   
I'd add others to this list including Colin Kapernick (lost job). (or Trevor Noah - kept job).  What I think this indicates is people care less about "Cancel Culture," "Freedom of Speech," etc. as concepts and more about which rules are most convenient for the moment.
(I'm using "cancel culture" in it's modern sense here, to mean "celebrity says something bigoted, suffers professional repercussions.")
Howard Cosell was 1983. Jimmy the Greek was 1988. Marge Schott was 1992. John Rocker was 1999. What other milestones in 20th Century cancel culture am I missing?
Cancel culture 101:   makes joke, fired from sitcom.   jokes in high school, Harvard rescinds offer.   makes joke, fired from SNL.   Racist tweets. Gets job at NY Times.   Racist tweets. Keeps job at NY Times.  Hmm...
Like I like the sentiment of their is no such thing as cancel culture but  it eliminates the fact the entire phrase and ethos was made to isolate people
 I don't think Rogan was cancelled. I think he was talking about cancel culture.
The fact that he nearly got cancelled for critiquing cancel culture says a lot.
Now I want you to look at what's currently going on in the world and cancel culture.
Surprise: Don Lemon Expresses Dismay With SNL Firing, 'Cancel Culture'      
Surprise: Don Lemon Expresses Dismay With SNL Firing, 'Cancel Culture'   
imo the biggest problem with cancel culture is that every time I hit the cancel button in any game, program, or app, I am now forced to say "wow, cancel culture really *has* gone too far" to no one in particular and then wonder if maybe my sense of humor is just broken now
  I wish I could forgive you, but no cisgenderer or heteronormater can ever be forgiven. You must be cancelled. #CancelCulture
 It sure would be lovely if people cared as much about this kind of "cancel culture" as much as they care about a racist guy losing an SNL gig.
Nobody's been "destroyed" by cancel culture, but the comics' crusade against it sucks up all the oxygen in the room, and they forget what they were supposed to be doing in the first place.      
Surprise: Don Lemon Expresses Dismay With SNL Firing, 'Cancel Culture'      
Cancel culture is canceled   
Analysis: A step-by-step guide to why people can’t stop arguing about "cancel culture"   
Here's a take: Comedians should take all the time/energy they put into hand-wringing and griping about the perils of a wildly overblown "cancel culture" and try to actually tell a joke.    
just saw someone compare supply and demand in the marketplace to cancel culture so i'm going to go log off for a thousand years
‘Rats, All of You!’ Comedians Bill Burr, Spade, Schneider Slam Cancel Culture      
ICYMI, a very thoughtful look at #CancelCulture by      
Cancel culture, what are you doing here
I interviewed  about growing up Nigerian, the making of 85 to Africa, the limits of cancel culture, &amp; his mission to integrate the diaspora into Africa.  And yes, I asked about the tattoo  Full video:       
so u want 2 argue about "cancel culture"   
only cancel culture I care about is cancelling plans last minute citing "slammed with work right now" and/or "coming down with something" and then doing absolutely nothing instead
 I would love to talk with you about a project I successfully crowdfunded looking into Cancel Culture, Social Media and How to rebuild... would be honored to speak with you, if you are willing? My series trailer is here:    🌵✌🏻
. chats with the  about their upcoming Boston debut, the arrival of  cancel culture, the greatest soda on Earth, and more!   
elahe and i wrote about the endless, exhausting loop of invoking "cancel culture"   
 Oh. Well first I’m not a leader in cancel culture, you’re putting that on me based on some idea of me you’ve created.   Second, obvi, it’s about whether you evolve or not. If you don’t you can’t claim it was only in past.   And re Louis CK he did far more than chappelle (1)
it's why I've gradually become so careful with wording as I criticize "cancel culture": I refuse to see it as a new mode. It is a new name for the ways in which capitalism keeps the working class at each other's' throats.   
"this person is cancelled" is a ridiculous statement, as is "cancel culture is bad"
this is why engaging with it in a way where we say "cancel culture is good" or "cancel culture is bad" we totally miss the point.  these are norms we are encouraged to act out to divide us and see each other as enemies
by persuading us to think "cancel culture" is some horrible culture us bad plebs and our social media have created, we are again directed away from those with power, why they have power, and the mode that power exerts itself
I criticize "cancel culture" in the same way I criticize the market, because it's simply another abstract market and should be reduced to that - it is simultaneously unimportant and important  it's the intersection of the norms of capitalism and everyday life
‘Rats, All of You!’ Comedians Bill Burr, Spade, Schneider Slam Cancel Culture      
this is precisely what I have been saying  "cancel culture" is a misnomer and something that misleads us to thinking we are building culture around who we can take down; it is simply another manifestation of competition encouraged by this particular mode of production
America's Biggest Comics   Slam Cancel Culture and The 'Rats' That Push It    
No offense guys but we need to be thinking waaaay harder about big global problems not fucking cancel culture and daily scandal and fascists dancing on tv and whatnot. American thinking is just such a total disgrace if you can even call it that
Americans are so dumb that fascists have taken over and they’re pressing for war and capitalism is literally causing life expectancy to plunge and I keep reading about...”cancel culture.” Good grief. I mean you guys are just hopeless
My opinion on cancel culture is that my dad should be cancelled for supporting Joe Biden.  On   and I discuss Boomer love for Joe, the horrible NYTimes dick tweet, CA's new legislation re: Lyft/Uber, and the Democratic debates.    
A step-by-step guide to why people can’t stop arguing about ‘cancel culture’   
this is one of several recent stories showing that the key to success is shamelessness, despite all the whining about cancel culture
 Excited for a WSJ profile on Ken Klaump, the 19 year old  Quillette editor whose new school methods of expressing old school ideas has captured the hearts &amp; minds of a generation of wayward young men left behind and overshadowed by MeToo politics and cancel culture
Real cancel culture is editors telling me they wanted my book but marketing said no because it was too gay. It's the lady at the awards table saying, "Oh I've never met a transsexual!" to my bf &amp; reviewers calling my characters "promiscuous" when they couldn't say gay anymore.
 Cancel culture was not an alt-right phrase lol. Why do you go to the extreme on everything. Breathe boo.
 Cancel Culture isn’t a real thing. You can’t name one person who has been permanently canceled.
 I’m not one for “cancel culture” but can we cancel them???
 She isn’t more republican and it’s so silly to be so dramatic about it. Go spend time in Arizona as a Dem (I have) and then judge. I understand the party’s frustration during these crucial times, but these “cancel culture” the Dems love is so stupid and pointless.
I caught  in Atlantic City.  We tackled the cancel culture and his mild gambling addiction.  Listen 🎧⤵️   
 "cancel culture" is a fancy way of saying consequences. god forbid anyone face public shaming and consequences for using words they knew were controversial/hurtful. and it's telling to me that white men most of all (but white women too) hate that they can't say whatever they want
A trip to Comedy Central's Alec Baldwin Roast has  pondering the relevance of celebrity roasts in the cancel culture era   
 Yep! cancel culture means the free market has spoken
A positive side effect of cancel culture:  It's hastening the realization in many  That it's better to work for yourself  To create your own world  Than to slave for the decaying establishment  After all  You can't get sacked from SNL  If you never cared to work there  🌊
🎥Who is behind cancel culture?  is on the case as cancel culture comes for comedy.  FULL VIDEO ==&gt;      
“To suggest anti-blackness is less tolerated than any other strain of bigotry is not only another display of Yang’s facile understanding of cancel culture, but how racism functions, period,”    
When The 'Cancel Culture' Claims One of Their Own.....    via 
Whenever a guy unearths someone’s offensive tweets, it usually comes out they they at one point had inappropriate tweets as well. Cancel culture is the new ‘smelt it, dealt it.’
8/ Rather than listening and acknowledging the hurt, they double down, accuse others of not being able to take a joke, and play victim (of PC, cancel culture, etc). They show no empathy. Which again calls into question their motives in condemning cancel culture...
3/ Those upset over cancel culture tend 2b people w/ no track record of challenging bigotry or bias or doing anything related to lessening hatred or mistreatment of others in the world. Chappelle is an exception. Most are like Carolla and the douche bro culture he represents...
2/ First: most of those complaining do not, themselves, ever speak out &amp; condemn these kinds of things in less 'cancel culture' ways. It's not like the Adam Carollas of the world regularly challenge racism in responsible, less judgy ways &amp; merely disagree w/style of "SJWs"...
1/ With so many people condemning "cancel culture" and screaming about how over-sensitive folks are -- to racist humor, for instance, or other forms of bigotry, or other personal transgressions -- a few thoughts, because it seems like some important points are being ignored...
 I'll take  seriously as supporters of Asian-Americans when you fight anti-Asian discrimination in college admissions. Until then, stop with the virtue-signaling &amp; #CancelCulture.
Insult comedy in the age of cancel culture anxiety: A live report from the Alec Baldwin roast   
Cancel cancel culture
I don't want people who participate in cancel culture to get fired for their old bad tweets, but a few moments of introspection would be pretty awesome.
Neither does “rich guy protects other rich guys by blaming ‘cancel culture’ for their abuses of power.” (See:Defending Michael Jackson &amp; Louis CK) Many bits relied on shallow takes on major issues that everyone else has been talking about for a while earnestly &amp; thoughtfully.(2/)
wow cancelling color itself, cancel culture really going too far!!!
This is the problem “cancel culture” tries to address: The fact that our entire culture is obsessed with charismatic sociopaths.   
Cancel culture strikes again.   
  CANCEL CULTURE   jkjkjkjk but I do think there's something to the critique that once someone attracts controversy and is seen as Bad they are simply treated differently by media outlets
cancel culture strikes again
Can I get a Venn diagram of people who abhor "cancel culture" and people who extoll Bill Clinton for the time he cancelled Sista Souljah (by misrepresenting what she said).
Comedians defend Shane Gillis after SNL firing; blame "cancel culture"   
 Rhodes. Don't know anything about the other guy, I've been trying to avoid cancel culture episodes.
“Cancel culture = mob rule without due process” - 
I mean it’s a mental illness. Please know cancel culture is a disease like alcoholism. It’s an addiction. I mean this is like a comedy sketch.
“It’s not cancel culture, it’s consequence culture.” —    Yes to this.
should probably just mute the phrase "cancel culture" at this point, huh
If you’re a comic (or anyone) moaning about “cancel culture” maybe consider this about the “cancelled”:  they are simply people “who can no longer pass the essential test of speaking in public, i.e., standing by your words.”
...of course, this may be why now the same thing is being referred to as "cancel culture." :-/
#Deplatforming and #CancelCulture will do to digital media what social media did to traditional.   It will force new tools and habits.   We are witnessing the birth of a new internet.   Look no further than to the current meta-backlash for tolerance in the face of old sins.
Hard to believe we can’t reach an agreement on “cancel culture” on a social media platform designed to give everyone personality disorders.
Yep. Those ranting about "cancel culture" seem to think that freedom of speech implies freedom from consequences for that speech; that is, as long as it's their speech and speech they agree with. If it's liberal speech, consequence away!
 Charlie X is the father of cancel culture.   
Alternatively, read my column on Toronto's : "Cancel Culture Comes For Chicken Sandwiches"   
 The whole thing is silly and the spin of trying to come across as a victim of “PC” or “Cancel Culture” is absolute nonsense.
.: It’s not "cancel culture." It’s facing consequences.   
Read  on Shane Gillis and the myth of cancel culture:   
 And then releasing early shows they care about Mitr0 and don’t want to let all the fake news and drama impact the orgs reputation. I have the utmost respect for the org and it’s sad to see cancel culture jumping on them with absolutely no actual knowledge or evidence
. in : Let’s not go on about “cancel culture” when Sean Spicer gets to go on a prime-time redemption tour.   
Someone spent days berating us for not bringing up Jessica Biel's anti-vax views in a red carpet post. We've had a lot of this "You need to denounce this person/not write about this thing" feedback lately, which is why I don't believe it when folks say cancel culture isn't real
#Canceled. Cancel culture is the boycott of a person, brand, concept, or company that has made a mistake. What causes this cultural crossfire? TBWA\Backslash co-founder Sarah Rabia talked to  about the movement here:    
This is the real struggle right there. I wish people in media spent more time talking about these stories than cancel culture (I will shut up now).
"Cancel culture” is overrated: Sean Spicer will never face cancellation for the podium two-step he once performed while gaslighting a nation, writes .   
“I’m old enough to recall when “cancel culture” was better known as consequences.”   
“Cancel culture” is overrated: Sean Spicer will never face cancellation for the podium two-step he once performed while gaslighting a nation, writes  in .   
 I understand YouTube's stance, trying to stop the effects of cancel culture by rounding off numbers.  Still sucks though.
the last seventeen thousand big Netflix specials and half the shows in Edinburgh this year were about cancel culture.
I just got booked to Headline The Cancel Culture Comedy Festival!
  (There is a real thing where people complain about “cancel culture” - people being shunned or ostracized for stepping out of bounds socially - but those complaints are usually 1: overblown and 2: folks grousing about reasonable consequences for not-great actions)
  Wait. Is Cancel Culture a term? If you have a moment, please define. I know I’m not up on shit....fully accept. But this nomenclature seemed to call out to me.
 cancel culture has come for me at last
 It’s Cancel Culture week on The Great British Bake-Off!
cancel culture is an imprecise term that falsely groups together three real but separate things: justified criticism, unnecessary pile-ons, and mob mentality
Who’s working at Cancel Culture Comedy Club this week?
 Stop supporting cancel culture n it will be fine.
ICYMI wrote a thread about this earlier today. now it's a short Medium post. the thing is now off my chest, "Let's talk about the thing!" here's the "friend link" (not behind paywall) b/c y'all are my friends! #cancelled #CancelCulture #cancelcancelculture   
Cancel culture is a hell of a drug
 Perhaps apologise for the cancel culture you promoted &amp; inflicted on others.
"Cancel culture": Muting speech that isn't PC       
We in such a PC/Cancel Culture. But for what I know you can’t cancel or sensor comedians from stuff we say onstage. Live comedy is alive and well. And those ppl that try to cancel comedians were never going to pay…   
. in : “Cancel culture” was once better known as consequences. And some people still aren’t facing the consequences.   
ok, so I went ahead and wrote the thing. "Let's talk about the thing!" #cancelled #CancelCulture #cancelcancelculture   
 I'm honestly impressed with how hypocritical you are. You managed to endorse cancel culture and get cancelled all within 24 hours.   
Within 24 hours, this NYT employee managed to endorse cancel culture and then get cancelled for old, offensive tweets.  Bravo.   
Whoa someone you LIKE and are SYMPATHETIC TO did bad and offensive tweets when she was in college?? It's too bad you staked out the position that there's no such thing as cancel culture and anyone who gets fired for insulting marginalized groups deserves it!
Sorry I didn’t announce it sooner but this is now a “people who fret about cancel culture are stupid and hypocritical and seem to have a troubling attachment to racism” account
Surely all of these terrible “leftists are Robespierre and twitter is their guillotine” takes that I’ve been seeing this year are about to culminate in a piece about how Marie Antoinette was the original victim of cancel culture??
IRONICALLY THIS IS THE ACTUAL ANSWER. THE CANCEL CULTURE CAME FROM INSIDE THE HOUSE.
I feel like the people who bang on about cancel culture need to select a history book at random about any period in, I don’t know, the last thousand years of human history and see if they find a context that enforces social norms less intensely than America in 2019
 Comics shouldn't be afraid to push the limits and boundaries of what is "acceptable." It's what they have done for decades and decades.  Sometimes comics will fuck up and go too far. You can call them out, sure. But I think we disagree on what "cancel culture" ultimately wants
  Cancel culture.
 I just created a cancel culture glossary for myself for this very reason:   
Good perspective. With the release of Chappelle’s Sticks and Stones and others speaking out, it seems like more high profile folks are commenting on today’s cancel culture and hyper-sensitive environment.   
#CancelCulture is out of control. Now you can't go on public forums and say wildly inaccurate things about beloved figures who just died.
Regarding #CancelCulture, I'm seeing a lot of references to the idea that it's what used to be known as "consequences." Sorry, no. That's oversimplified, disingenuous and not even the half of it. To use a common phrase of this genre, "do better."
  Yes the guy who was just in Hobbs and Shaw sure got his career ruined by cancel culture!
Cancel culture is an assault on the American idea.  The  Show!  WATCH ==&gt;      
Good piece by  about #CancelCulture. I was happy to share some thoughts, including my hope that everyone gets cancelled so we can just call it even and move on.
Ok my brain is now acting like auto fill when you tap the words and it become madlibs.  Anyway. Cancel culture. It’s a thing. There are other things. I like to deal with conflict by thinking of ridiculous things. 🤷🏽‍♀️
reading cancel culture tweets by comedians who loathe it, tryna understand what they hate about it. seems simple enough: they wanna be able to take risks, maybe go wrong, and not face severe consequences. okay. that’s not a real risk then, is it?   be offensive abt better targets
Hard to take the idea of “cancel culture” seriously when someone who wrote a book praising Japanese-American internment gets to participate in stuff like this.
South Park’s 23rd Season Starts next week so creators Matt Stone &amp; Trey Parker made some quotes about its history, the show they wanted to change, Dave Chappelle &amp; Cancel Culture In 2019 🔥🍿      
Can we cancel every think piece about cancel culture?
 He rejects cancel culture Brad
Dave Rubin  sat down with elite SJW, and notorious douche, Skyler Turden to discuss Cancel Culture. Full video here:      
Republicans hate "cancel culture" and love "the invisible hand of the market" which is weird because they're the exact same thing
Real #CancelCulture is being passed over for a promotion because you’re a woman. Being passed over for an apartment because you’re black. Being passed over for healthcare because you’re poor.  It ain’t being passed over for a part on a TV show because you made a racist joke.
So many ppl on the timeline talking about “cancel culture” but what about “Hansel culture” like maybe maybe Gretel would still be alive today if he hadn’t brought her to a fucking gingerbread house???? Deleting this
 Yeah, I love how Brett Kavanaugh gets a seat in the Supreme Court for life, but Shane Gillis gets fired for using racial and homophobic slurs and suddenly folks are crying “cancel culture”.
“This is just cancel culture, the guy shouldn’t have been fired."   Bill Burr and Jim Jefferies speak out against Shane Gillis' #SNL firing:      
oh no, cancel culture
Here’s my take. #ShaneGillis #SNL #censorship #CancelCulture    
How about cancel culture takes care of this asshole this time?
 If cancel culture really worked we wouldn’t have trump or his entire administration in office.
 Trying to think of alternatives to cancel culture.
  No boo: that’s reasonable. Cancel culture is review bombing something you didn’t buy or starting fake rumours hoping to get someone fired. Cancel culture is using the phrase “you’ve lost a potential customer”. It’s not consequences - it’s having a whine.
  Is your point that "cancel culture" is racist against successful white men? Because that's hilarious if that's your take.
WATCH: Bill Burr, Jim Jefferies React To ‘SNL’ Firing Shane Gillis, Blast ‘Cancel Culture’   
  I did watch it. Good deal of it was pretty funny. So I don't understand this vague "you just don't get it" talk as if I'm fundamentally misunderstanding the concept of "cancel culture". Like I'm literally asking for examples of the problem he's talking about. Do you have any?
  Are there any more examples of "cancel culture" besides the guy who said a bunch of racist things on a podcast that people are pretending were framed as jokes? Or is the epidemic just this one guy?
You will never see the "I just really hate cancel culture" people getting all that upset about how many women have lost their careers due to refusing to fuck the right men.
Catching up on   used slurs to make a point, identify, and humanize. #ShaneGillis used them cause he's a hateful bigoted douche. Not a double standard. Calling #CancelCulture capes for #WhiteSupremacy I used. slurs 20 years ago. I learned.
 Enjoyed the piece, but I think drawing on Boghossian at least partly because he is a victim of cancel culture ("banned from doing human subjects research") is problematic (thread)   
 Sara Silverman’s existence is proof there is no real “cancel culture”.
Finally, I would like to confess to and apologize for engaging in cancel culture, when I told my research assistant she was banned(!) from engaging in research until she did human subjects training. 9/   
Another lesson is that if cancel culture is everything, maybe its nothing. If journalists frame any type of punishment or imposition of social norms as cancel culture, then the term loses all descriptive value. 8/
...e.g., "I'm not pro-racist jokes, I'm just pro-free speech and/or anti-"cancel culture"/"PC"/"call outs". I talk about this in super-in-depth in this piece:   
The lesson here is that "cancel culture" as a trope is easily weaponized, allowing those who receive a slap on the wrist for obvious failures to cast themselves as victims of oppression rather than defend their actual actions. 7/   
...but this does highlight how complaining about "cancel culture" or "political correctness" or whatever is often a way of taking a side in specific debates (e.g., racist comedian dude) while simultaneously projecting an air of neutrality...
The piece presents Peter Boghossian of the Sokal Squared crowd as an expert on, and victim of, cancel culture. For speaking out bravely, he was banned on doing human subjects research! Cancelled! 5/   
 Hahaha! Natural selection is the OG Cancel Culture
 100%. I don't think this is a case of cancel culture.
An example of the "______ culture" problem comes from this generally nuanced piece on "cancel culture" 4/   
Today’s show we talk about cancel culture and Saudis wanting us to go to war BUT there is also a lot about breaking bad habits food addiction and shit that might actually help you!   
Since I tweeted about #LaurenDuca but not #ShaneGillis (I knew who she was; I had no idea who he was), lemme say this so I'm not just picking on the woman:   Though I have concerns about cancel culture, the dude appears to be both racist AND not funny.
Can everyone just agree that cancel culture is fine long enough to cancel this?
When I teach students about organizational culture, I note what I call the "______ culture" problem. Thats the idea is that you name something you don't like, and then append "culture" to it.  And I think we are at that point with "cancel culture." 1/
 Hello, just got into an arguement with some white men about cancel culture and now I want my time back! Block and carry on! It’s the only way to do this site!
The term “cancel culture” evidently cuts too close to the bone, so here comes a move to cancel it.
Cancel culture = don’t be mean to my friends
Engaging with fragile white men who are bothered by “cancel culture” is not worth it. Block and move on. I’m telling myself because I forget! But they’re too mired in a perception of life from their place of unearned privilege to take it as anything other than an attack.
'Cancel culture' comes to higher education in Pakistan:   
smh at people who are like "the left invented cancel culture!" and then compare it to *excommunication*
 Getting caught up in the "screw cancel culture"mentality stops you out the gate from seeing the many layers of conversation here. You're also giving your predisposed biases against this 'culture' higher precedence than the very real issues that Shane's mockery of Asians raises.
TheRE's No SuCh ThiNG As CanCEl CulTUrE    
Cancel culture has claimed another victim. #Celebrity #Entertainment #Funny #NBC #SaturdayNightLive   
If you want people to repent, replace cancel culture with a forgiveness culture. Thank you for coming to my ted talk.
Wish I'd seen this before I wrote 3,000 words on cancel culture but sometimes it really is literal   
      Thus the answer is to repent but to also, as a society, cultivate the conditions that make repentance more likely. Cancel culture *DOES NOT DO THAT*   Forgiveness culture does.
In : It’s not ‘cancel culture.’ It’s facing consequences.   
Love what  says about #CancelCulture &amp; researching someone’s past just to find outrage triggers:  “If you’re gonna go back 15 years in somebody’s life then someone should go back 15 years in your life.”
Lotta talk on this website about cancel culture (or the myth of cancel culture) but what, exactly, is this thing and what is it doing to the society? A bunch of very smart people gave me their thoughts on the matter, including...     
Cancel culture.  That was a complete sentence. Stop culture. It's done.
cAnCeL CuLtUrE
Disgusting and shameful. Cancel culture my ass, shadowbanning my ass. But everyone falls for the pearl-clutching.
There is cancel culture and then there is Jeffrey Epstein cancelled.
 The looming crisis in ___ Kashmir___ should remind us of the ___dangers___ of ____cancel culture___
 My experience of those complaining about cancel culture is that they are overwhelmingly white men. Who see other white men getting called out for their BS.
Is cancel culture a dangerous trend in American culture or just another term for accountability?   
Also, I don't want to hear any theater person complaining about cancel culture, PC culture, or "it's about money" when David Mamet is on Broadway again even though he regularly flops on Broadway. White men get to fail all the fucking time
Read  who quotes me on cancel culture, "Primarily, this is a problem for kids and teenagers, or people who used to be kids—i.e., everyone!"   
Smart new piece by   Cancel Culture: What Exactly Is This Thing?   
.: “Cancel culture” was once better known as consequences. And some people still aren’t facing the consequences.   
 Cancel culture strikes again
 That’s a false dichotomy. “Cancel culture” is the most fragile white male term I have ever heard. It’s holding people accountable to their own assholery and saying no thanks loud enough for others to understand that we won’t pay to see them.
if god doesn’t believe in cancel culture  where is the fuckin dodo bird
I guess “cancel culture” only depends on who’s getting cancelled....   
[rollercoaster of love falsetto] cancel culture
Minihane Rips Feitelberg's Idiotic Take on PC Mobs and Cancel Culture  |      
"And what if we destroyed GW University and its dangerous cancel culture as well?"   
Cancel culture at it again   
So, seriously, I had not heard of the verbiage "cancel culture" until about last week, and now it is in vernacular use as though it has been around for decades. Am I missing something?
The fact that Bill Maher is still a thing is proof positive that “cancel culture” is just some shit y’all made up
Cancel culture about to get cancelled 😂
I'm aware of at least two pieces in the works by intelligent journalists about Cancel Culture and I pray to God they actually advance what has become a very dumb and often too-broad conversation, largely because of how much of it has taken place on Twitter
Hey Brightsiders! The Funny Armenian Girl  talks The Bright Side Of Cancel Culture, Lisa Bloom &amp; Rotten Tomatoes &amp; I preach the gospel of !   Get roasted &amp; toasted with us on           #comedy #podcast   
I’m ok with cancel culture if it cancels this.
Cancel culture is an assault on the American idea.  The  Show!  WATCH ==&gt;      
SNL rescinding an offer to a comic who used the most offensive anti-Asian slur there is on a podcast is not "cancel culture" run amok. If you can't be funny w/o relying on racial stereotypes u suck as a comic. Beyond racist, it's lazy &amp; juvenile, up there with "pull my finger"
About to go on the  tune in! We're discussing people's dumb responses to "cancel culture"
  Are you following “cancel culture” and aware of how abusive activists and worse come after everyone they can link?  Right now all Brave employees are being harassed by loons who think we fund kiwifarms when we suspended that site’s ability to get our funds months ago.  No thanks.
I cannot stop laughing at these 😂 God invented cancel culture   
As much as reactionary “canceling” does exist, not every instance of public outrage amounts to an offshoot of cancel culture.  For instance, Shane Gillis’ firing from .      
So in all this discussion about "cancel culture," I can't help but think I WROTE ABOUT THIS IN A BOOK. That came out a year ago! Here it is!   
this was mostly tongue in cheek, but y’all. we gotta stop entertaining the ridiculous takes about “cancel culture,” especially when they come from powerful gatekeepers who would gladly cancel every one of us if it meant they got richer or more powerful.
Anyway, if cAnCeL CuLtUrE rUiNs CuLtUrE how come TV is the best it’s ever been? How come including people that don’t look like your drunk dad who didn’t love you enough has proven profitable year after year after year?
 I like the part where the author declares that Chapelle can’t be transphobic because he got a Netflix special... instead of realizing that it’s proof that their fear of “cancel culture” is actually bullshit.   
Just so I'm caught up on the new vernacular, "cancel culture" is "consequences for being a turd"?
He Fights Against Misandry and Cancel Culture; He Melts Snowflakes And Hits The Gym. Meet:   
You know a play called “Cancel Culture” is inevitable
the only "cancel culture" is the one that robbed the world of HANNIBAL s4
Lost in the whole  thing is how much  has blown for the better part of two decades.    talked today about the PC mob and cancel culture.  Get it now:      
   2/ broadly, it's because the left's "cancel culture" was kind of a response to a specific dynamic of, for example, some rapists or racists operating with relative impunity for decades. Parallel to how civil rights marches were a "left" phenomena as a response to discrimination.
New SNL recruit's firing criticised as 'cancel culture' by Bill Burr and Jim Jeffries   
If cancel culture was a real thing we wouldn’t be subjected to this fucking horseshit.   
We basically compiled all the best comics in the world and asked their takes on #CancelCulture. There’s a lot more in our movie, but if you really want to spectrum of opinions from people you respect, our film Tasteless is a good place to start!   
Over the last several years, I have dropped several subscriptions to magazines I realized I almost never read.   *This is cancel culture run amuck.*
 Cancel culture taking my guns!
 I think more recently she’s complaining about “cancel culture” but I blocked her form when she was trying to justify doing blackface.
lol  painting “cancel culture” as the social evil to be concerned about, and not casual racism and bigotry
Weird how critics of "cancel culture" don't talk about the contemporary celebrity who has suffered the greatest professional consequences for his views — Colin Kaepernick
THIS!  and Jim Jefferies w David Spade on Cancel Culture: "Did they go back and also try to look at the good things?...Help a cat out of a tree...that's not it!"  Watch:   
  Looks like cancel culture’s a’comin for our boy Jonathon
And yes, she doesn't stand by that stuff anymore! It's almost like "cancel culture" is...people holding you accountable.
imagine thinking cancel culture has gone too far when the fossil fuel industry still exists
There should be a “Tax Return Principle” in private life. That is, in an era of smears, deep fakes, screenshots, hackers, bot farms, cancel culture, photoshop, etc... my/your public allegation about your/my *private* life does not entitle me/you to your/my privacy to contest it.
There’s something to be said about the folks who pipe up complaining about what they deem ‘cancel culture’ ... Silverman, Chapelle, etc... *squints*
Cancel culture is vicious and ugly. You won’t catch me demonising someone I don’t know and simplifying a complex human being down to a single action. Step up your empathy game folks. When someone does something you disagree with it doesn’t strip them of their humanity.
chilling suppression of free speech imo, cancel culture goes too far
The only people who rail against "cancel culture" are people who others have tried to cancel.
re: rob schneider and shane gillis:  when people use the term “cancel culture”- that is what you call GASLIGHTING.   acting like all the sudden people are “overly” sensitive because you said some wildly racist and homophobic shit is gaslighting.
It’s so easy to forget how long cancel culture has been with us.   Remember Firefly? Remember Deadwood? Remember the original Star Trek?   This is not new.
  Believe it or not, it IS possible to be FUNNY without calling Chinese ppl the derogatory “C” word! Nice try, Rob. This isn’t a fight about censorship or the “cancel culture”. It’s a fight against racism. 🤦🏻‍♀️ Just admit it - Shane is NOT funny.
Let's "cancel culture" all medical debt am I right
Cancel culture is not new. Anyone read The Scarlet Letter?  What’s new is it’s now being used to punch up rather than down.
Once again: "Cancel culture" is really the result of clickbait headlines that maximize the bottom line by stoking rage. If you're crying "cancel culture," you're just helping line the pockets of the already very wealthy who are using your discomfort to make a profit.
  Cancel culture etc etc
surprise! this is a joke for comedy, now if you disagree with me you are part of cancel culture
I don’t understand the bemoaning of cancel culture as if it is entirely new— like the Dixie Chicks saga never happened.
Y'all say comedy is dead, but seeing people have a meltdown over a non-existent phenomenon known as "cancel culture" is genuinely amusing to me.   "Era of cultural unforgiveness" LOL huh? Did comedians have similar meltdown when it became unpopular to wear blackface [publicly]?
So, this is all to say, his firing isn’t “cancel culture”, it isn’t a “culture of unforgiveness”. If he wasn’t proud of what he’d done, I believe there was an avenue for forgiveness. He chose not to take it.
all these efforts to cancel shane gillis' critics show cancel culture has gone too far
I remember seeing Cancel Culture open for Clap Your Hands Say Yeah in 2005, and they were just okay.
When the women of *the view* are uncomfortable w Shane Gillis' firing, maybe we've jumped the shark on cancel culture.
 McCain said the jokes were offensive bc they weren't funny; Chappelle's jokes were funny, she said. McCain also said she doesn't like "cancel culture" and there could have been a teachable moment by having discussion on the issue instead of firing Gillis.
I was canceled before cancel culture was cool.
why are washed comedians obsessed with a cancel culture that doesn’t exist?
Bill Burr and Jim Jefferies defend Shane Gillis, attack "cancel culture" on     
"the cancel culture"
also jfc she’s a perfect example of “cancel culture” not actually having the consequences people think it does. she had her own controversy, and now she’s in the LA times as the voice of comedy
didn’t SS do blackface in the past? people this concerned with “cancel culture” are almost always telling on themselves. do you really think comedy is going to die, or do you just not want to be held accountable for the bad shit you’ve said and don’t want to stop saying?
*Samara voice* 7  D A Y S  until you can read my new book, “Obviously: Stories from my Timeline” and also—in 2019 if someone called your cell from a number you didn’t know you probably wouldn’t pick up so how will Samara live? Cancel culture/Scam Likely is ruining lives 😂   
Here’s my 2 cents on, “Cancel Culture” - if you raped or sexually assaulted someone, your ENTIRE LIFE should be cancelled. YOU SHOULD NO LONGER EXIST. If you said something derogatory, once, let’s uphold our freedoms &amp; not destroy the person. Actions are still louder, joke or no.
Today's Show is LIVE:  is fired and  doesn't care about PC cancel culture  Get it:      
 Also, this world has become so blindly divisive that people will support him simply because they are "anti-cancel culture", regardless of if they actually enjoy that person's comedy or not. I wouldn't be surprised to see him lean really hard into racist jokes at this point.
Bill Burr, David Spade, And Jim Jefferies Perfectly Sum Up Everything That's Going On With 'Cancel Culture' And The SNL Firing   
 What is the collective? When and where do they deliberate? I often hear people use that and similar terms to decry “cancel culture,” but I make decisions to stop engaging certain people at will and I don’t rely on a hive mind to do it. I’m certainly not the only one doing that.
‘Cancel culture’ is incredibly nuanced, rooted in hurt and suffering, and very complicated. So obviously the best place to have this conversation is Twitter.
New Podcast! The New York Times LIES about Kavanaugh and SNL caves to the woke #CancelCulture mob, which sets bad precedent for the comedy profession.  Please like, share and subscribe!   
 So we've officially replaced "consequences" with the term "cancel culture"? I guess we need to let  know?
call me when "cancel culture" gets on the Sedition Act of 1798's level
it seems like the people who obsess over "cancel culture" have now broadened the definition to basically just refer to any and all criticism of famous people? very cool
There is no "cancel culture." If I don't like something, I do will not patronize that thing. If enough people don't like a thing, they won't patronize that thing. Is that "canceling" or just a collection of personal choices?
My grandfather was jailed by McCarthy and let me tell you he would have killed for some “cancel culture.”
 cancel culture, out of control
   So “guy said something bananas racist and didn’t get a job because of the bananas racist thing” isn’t cancel culture, under this rubric?
The outrage over "cancel culture" is misdirected. All cultures "cancel" things, rule things morally out of bounds, etc. What gets people agitated by contemporary cancelation is that it's being done in the name of moral standards associated with the left-wing activists.
 I just spent the last hour arguing with people who don’t get that  saying he’s sick of #CancelCulture like it’s a journalistic fact is garbage. I’m tired too.  Sometimes twitter is just a cesspool.
 Because I don’t know if writing an extravagantly racist article gets one fired now when everyone’s yelling about “cancel culture” and “political correctness.”
    as  pointed out on another thread, one of the only actual cancellations of big celebrities was way back before anyone talked about "cancel culture": the dixie chicks
Wanted to share my appearance last night on  with  talking our “cancel culture.” Yes, some people deserve to be fired but Knee jerk firing isn’t always the right answer. We need a more nuanced approach so that we can encourage people to evolve for the better:
  Yeah I think outrage over the broad idea of cancel culture has become a way to disregard the specific facts and circumstances that drive a complaint (see exhibit A, Donald Trump)
We're talking about the #SNL firing of #ShaneGillis this morning on the show... What do you think of it and the 'cancel culture'?
  Are we in agreement that this show should be part of cancel culture.
Here’s my question: was John Derbyshire “cancelled”? Is that an example of “cancel culture”?   
Donald Trump is president and may get re-elected in spite of everything. Kanye West is pushing on with a comeback by way of the time honored tradition of using Jesus to scam. Roman Polanski is still winning film awards. But go on about cancel culture.
From what I have observed, the most devastating consequences of "cancel culture" have been the right against the left. Cancel culture is a powerful tool for the right but it is largely ineffective for the left. Why adopting the right's tactics w/o thoughtful analysis concerns me.
So obviously cancel culture isn't real, but I wish there was a better name for the thing that happens when people who do believe in it try to get people cancelled.   Maybe Online Outrage Machine?
Honest question: has anyone seen an attempt to define the concept of "cancel culture" in any systematic or rigorous way
cancel culture was too weak for this energy   
Can someone plz ID 4 me when "cancel culture" or "outrage culture" began? How is this supposedly new phenomenon different from any other decade in society when the public  complained about something &amp; advertisers or programmers responded accordingly to keep consumer confidence?
 You've cancelled cancel culture!
Comedians are starting to speak up against the cancel culture. Good. We need more of that. #SaturdayNightLive   
There's no such thing as cancel culture. It's called being held accountable for your actions, and people are taking less shit these days. It should be called support culture, because people see they have allies who'll stand with them.
Today on   has a message for the world on behalf of comics everywhere   🗣 You can’t cancel us 🗣  We need to stop acting like cancel culture is the death of comedy. Comedy is FINE. Everyone is still telling jokes and getting paid boatloads of money   
Police Warden: The man is known as Jack The Ripper. We’re launching an around the clock investigation for his capture.  Guy: Cancel culture is so fucking toxic
 ‘Cancel culture’ 🤣🤣🤣
 Jesus dying for our sins was the end of God's cancel culture.
#CancelCulture people will cancel everything except a Chic-fil-a meal...
Cancel culture claims another victim   
Bill Burr and Jim Jeffries criticise 'cancel culture' as new SNL recruit fired for racist and homophobic remarks   
please keep posting on the internet about how 'cancel culture' prevents you from posting your horrible opinions on the internet
 Cancel culture is cancelled, even for Nazis.
During a rally in New Mexico Monday night, President Trump tore into the left over the trend of ‘cancel culture’, saying that leftists are obsessed with bullying everyday Americans into submission.   
how much of the outrage against “cancel culture” is just indignity at the idea that someone would lose an opportunity over casual bigotry?
Brilliantly written story about the state of #comedy and #cancelculture. Comedy has to be given hall passes. The point of it is to be inappropriate, challenge us, push boundaries &amp; say the unsayable. Not that there are no lines, but there should be few, and context is everything.
SNL star's firing criticised as 'cancel culture' by Bill Burr and Jim Jeffries   
SNL star's firing criticised as 'cancel culture' by Bill Burr and Jim Jeffries   
 I felt sad when i saw the clip. But I was even more sad that he went there and it wasn’t funny. Just an ugly conversation. He has the right to say it, cancel culture is wrong but people have the right to call racist things racist as well.
  What I keep seeing happening is rapid platform elevation where the supposed victim of cancel culture (Milo and Tulsi Gabbard are two non-partisan choices that come to mind immediately) decided the world was a private Facebook group. It is not. So they were held to account.
  My views have evolved on this, and this is my current view: there is no cancel culture. There is pop culture and outrage culture. When they intersect, the Jolie household answers for her father's statements but she doesn't lose her jobs, plural. It's a stage so act like it.
To everyone whining about the “PC mob” and “cancel culture” wrt Shane Gillis today: Just because fewer people spoke up about racist portrayals/remarks in the past, doesn’t mean it didn’t still hurt just as much
The people who get most upset about cancel culture are the asswipes you want to cancel the most. In our shitty capitalist system nobody is entitled to a job, especially not racists
You know what  &amp;  talking about comedy isn’t? Funny. Or enlightening. Or informative. Lemon is pushing his #CancelCulture fiction which i assume he pulled out of his ass while misrepresenting Pryor and Lenny Bruce. Thank you. Goodnight. #CancelCNN 
 The whole thing about "Cancel Culture" is Dismissing or throwing away people who dont agree with you.  God wont need to "cancel" me if I already agree with him. So he does Cancel people who dont agree with him.  Except if you dont understand what Cancel Culture means.
 Glad we got to have this discussion with you in the film. It’s wild how much deeper down the rabbit hole we’ve gone even in the past few weeks. Seems like all anyone wants to talk about is Cancel Culture now!    #CancelCulture #snl
“People see something they don’t like, they expect it to stop, as opposed to deal with their emotions. They want us to care about their thing as much as they do.” -  on cancel culture  Perfection.
the only cancel culture that is real is the culture of mutually cancelling plans and it is real and it is powerful
"Cancel culture" is a  "mutated" form of McCarthyism, Sarah Silverman says      
The joke about “cancel culture” is that for all the “free speech” bs ? It’s mostly these entitled folks scared shitless that other folks can come take their JOBS.
What you need to know about “cancel culture” is that the complaints ABOUT cancel culture ? Didn’t actually pop off with social media and the Twitter non no matter wha anybody tries to tell you. It’s the rise of STREAMING SERVICES.
CROWDED is about actual cancel culture
In gym class in the 5th grade I fell on my back from the top of the cargo net.  As I was laying on the floor with the wind knocked out of me, my gym teacher, Ms Pfeiffer said "Good, you deserved it!'  It was my first taste of cancel culture.  I have been chasing that ever since
 Probably defending him because cancel culture is crazy and the person he referenced in the joke forgave him and presented the context of comedy....   
 People care about cancel culture, but not the lord’s answer
On second thought, maybe cancel culture hasn’t gone far enough
    yep, and the same could be said of "cancel culture" as well—good faith clarificatory work on both is great; bad faith "this is a bullshit term b/c deployed against causes I favor" is not so great
   That’s really unfortunate timing. But anybody who utters the expression “cancel culture” is considered bad news by anybody with integrity
    I agree definitions are important, and pinning down "privilege" or "cancel culture" or "free speech" or "nature" means can be extremely useful...provided the definitional work isn't a cloak for saying "[X] hard to define thing is therefore not real."
    Looking at your OP, safe to say you think "cancel culture" is a new term for something that is bipartisan and has always existed? A tough to define term, like "nature" or "free speech" or "privilege"—useful to identify a phenomenon that's accelerating or deserves attention?
   right and our brains were built to do the opposite, to attend to that sort of feedback because what if we get cast out of the village and a lion eats us (the original cancel culture)
  I think Matt's right there are definitional problems here wrt cancel culture. And my own thoughts on it are partly about the behavior or internet randos and partly about how journalistic outlets sometimes make these instances worse with irresponsible reporting. So... lotta stuff
 Glad you saw my tweet, hope you saw any of the 100’s of others that speak to the idea that forgiveness doesn’t mean freedom from criticism or consequences &amp; is not the property of those who weren’t harmed to offer  &amp;”canceling” isn’t real. Nor is “cancel culture”   Go Saints
“cancel culture is stifling art.”      
Cancel Culture deniers are willfully ignorant at this point.
 As I said to another replier, I think it's not a great term. But when I see a spate of people tweeting that it's insane to think "cancel culture" is real or worth worrying about, my sense is they're saying there's nothing to worry about with regard to society gettin ga bit more
  i'm sympathetic to the idea that it' snot a great term. to be honest i was mostly tweeting about it because there's been a spate of LOL THERE'S NO SUCH THING AS CANCEL CULTURE tweets
Cancel culture is like capitalism, but when it hurts White people.
Yes, I agree with cancel culture (whatever that means anyway). 😬
#sticksandstones #DaveChappelle #ShaneGillis #SNL   #comedy #cancelculture #cancelcancelculture   
 those who deny cancel culture exists will be cancelled immediately
2/ I understand this is just one example, anecdotes, blah blah blah, but it does feel like overnight all the progressive journalists decided CANCEL CULTURE ISN'T REAL was the new orthodoxy and are feverishly defending it rather than having a more productive conversation about
I'm not saying there was ever some wonderful golden age where people DIDN'T do this, but it's insane to argue cancel culture doesn't exist when you can see people right in these replies looking for ways to professionally punish this dude for a newspaper column
One day, but not today, I will write my long-brewing Internet Essay™ about how all of the hand-wringing about cancel culture is actually just a function of a capitalist discourse that seeks to silence dissent from (most frequently minority) consumers
wait, i didn't know there was a 'cancel culture doesn't exist and no one can define it' take.
Interesting conversation between   and  on CNN, spending 10 minutes now talking about “cancel culture” and the firing of Shane Gillis. They presented both sides but ultimately each came down on the side that SNL should not have fired Gillis.
   Also i love that people are freaking out about “cancel culture” when literally all these people have shows lol
More fitting way to correct dude on about that tweet (re: the Saints bringing up the Bible) because cancel culture is majorly a figment of people's imagination anyway.
 It was unoriginal shit about cancel culture
I just assumed “cancel culture” was about making dinner plans in Los Angeles. (Gently places three fingers on mouth, winks)
 I don't wanna use the term cancel culture cuz I agree with 99% of it but how has he not been canceled? I turned it off 5 min in
 the original tweet's stupidity washes over me in waves. There might not have been any 'cancel culture' on earth until organized religion.
Basically, delete the tweet, delete the discourse. Your takeaway from this if you don’t know much is: Every Quranic verse starts with the statement that God is allmerciful, meaning in death not in life. I don’t think this relates to cancel culture much nor to pre-Quranic ‘events’
Shane Gillis is gonna have a sold-out bro tour and a million dollar payday Netflix special about how he is a brave truthteller silenced by cancel culture called Saturday Night Dead within the year, bet on it.
For the record, people who cry “cancel culture” are afraid of being canceled. You all have skeletons in the closet and you’re too lazy to get rid of them.
If cancel culture was a real thing  wouldn’t still be president.
But do go on about "cancel culture"   
cancel culture is fucking awesome, let's keep doing this
I gotta mute that god, Islam, and cancel culture tweet. The discourse is just Not Good
 This is when cancel culture comes in handy
The venn diagram of men who say they "hate cancel culture" and men who say "Oh I hear [literally any actress] is a bitch,  I don't want to work with her" is a circle
if you are terrified of "cancel culture” you are terrified of an Internet-based ghost story
Christian God invented cancel culture.
If cancel culture was real we wouldn’t have racist rapist in the Oval Office.
When I say "Cancel Culture" the first word is a verb.
Sarah Silverman says "cancel culture" is "a mutated McCarthy era, where any comic better watch anything they say."     
 I was sarcastically referring to a thing this clown will say in his future stand-up routines. I've never used "cancel culture" as a sincere phrase in my life.
 That’s what you get for participating in cancel culture babe
 caving in to pc cancel culture smh
Re: “cancel culture”: can we have a compromise and just cancel SNL?
I wish cancel culture could take care of my gym membership.
 It’s a thin line between cancel culture (which I hate) and holding people accountable
. Gets The #CancelCulture VIP Package from   Wonders If It's Too Far via    
So much of being in the crosshairs of “cancel culture” could be resolved by offering a *sincere* apology. It’s the folks that double down on their actions that catch the worst of it.
The left eats their own mediocre comedians like Shane Gillis.  The only successful comedians who are funny and still worth watching (Burr, Gervais, Rogan etc) all reject and actively oppose cancel culture.  Surely this should serve as a lesson to upcoming comedians?
When #CancelCulture comes for me, remember me fondly.
Me: This is cancel culture at its worse  Judge: You embezzled $70,000 from a cancer charity! And spent it all on Hearthstone cards!  Me: The PC police strike again. Orwell was right
Sweetgreen participating in toxic cancel culture by asking me to buy something or cry outside
 I don't think I fall in the category of people you described, but I have verbally been against cancel culture on here. I believe in restoration and feel the notion of cancellation doesn't allow people to be absolved or grow beyond without whatever being recalled.
Yang's going to give him $1,000/month for a year so he can make money without the fear of cancel culture
PS i don't really feel bad making a tweet about a corny topic that 10000 people are all rushing to weigh in on bc i know all the real heads have had the phrase "cancel culture" on their mute list for months now  salute!
I love that it's news that an employer can fire you for basically any reason their heart desires now that it happens to rich, privileged white men? Like, where was "cancel culture" when my retail manager fired me because she thought I was stuck up because I was going to college?
 i wish they'd decide if it's "cancel culture" or "censorship" because all these brands are confusing
"cancel culture" is just the misleading name that the enemy has given to the idea of an equal future where we might one day be able to do to them what they now spend all day trying to do to us    
Like even the innocent animals and plants got canceled, idk.  Sounds like God is the OG of cancel culture. He stays killing and destroying people he finds unworthy lol
Cancel culture has been in conflict from The Very Beginning
Hard to disagree with SNL’s decision to let Shane Gillis go, but what about with their official statement. Has cancel culture gone too far &amp; is SNL being hypocritical?
My favorite historical cancel culture moment: an entire people canceled a big ass wall. Just tumbled it because they had enough. Bloody brilliant.   
weird that people have tried to rebrand "personal responsibility" as "cancel culture" but okay
Cancel culture isn't real, you fucking simpletons.
 His whole deal was smiting people for a while, wasn't it? That's like, extreme cancel culture.
If cancel culture existed wouldn't we be free of racists by now? There are plenty of jobs I can't get with my potty mouth twitter habits, Shane, the chinless racist doesn't get his job, the world keeps turning, jesus wept, etc.,
 i read your argument. "It's cancel culture when people who are inoffensive are cancelled. Good when it's offensive people who are cancelled"  this is a vox take. give yourself a pat on the back
To clarify, I do think cancel culture is out of control and reactionary, but I was not speaking about SNL’s Gillis. I was referring to the people who want the casting directors who hired him fired. I mean, c’mon....
People who deny “cancel culture” is a real thing are stomping their and throwing a fit that it took four whole days for them to get their way and ruin Shane Gillis.
 I’m glad Shane reached out and I hope you are able to find some way to redeem him. Americans are sick of cancel culture and you can perhaps teach us a lesson about how to rise above it and move on humanely.
Andrew Yang reached out to Shane to have an actual dialogue abt this stuff, and Shane accepted. This would be how things progress. Not caving to you animals in the “cancel culture” mob.
 western religion is the original cancel culture
All these man babies crying about how cancel culture is ruining the world clearly never had to confront their problematic views, and it shows.
any time a comedian loses a job for not being funny, cancel culture wins
the only "cancel culture" i'm interested in.... is a "culture" which prompts patients to "cancel" their appointments because of fear of unaffordable out-of-pocket expenses....
I’m just going outside for a while let me know when everyone has finished assuring each other there is no such thing as cancel culture
 look, if turning someone into a pillar of salt isn't cancel culture, I don't know what is
Ain’t no such thing as "cancel culture" bruh. Woody Allen out here making all the movies he wants OJ Simpson is out here trying to give Antonio Brown life advice. Tweets is done.
Sorry, but the only "cancel culture" I'm seeing these days is the epidemic of trans women, particularly Black trans women, being brutally murdered while the greater public and media mostly look the other way.
 I honestly want a Weeds podcast dedicated to this overarching question of God, Christ, and cancel culture.  Easily best episode of all time.
If you have any hesitation about whether cancel culture exists, allow me to invoke the Law of Conservation of Mass Energy to help clear this up because it states: "matter and energy are neither created nor CANCELED, sis."
 cancelling cancel culture smh
I have a cancel culture fetish where I follow up sex with a smug non-apology.
Cancel culture is gonna be a bitch at Thanksgiving this year
I had to tell the Android news feed I wasn't interested in "culture" so it would finally stop showing me essays on "cancel culture"
I wish I felt bad about this. Cancel Culture can be extreme. But comics bring their entire portfolio to work at SNL. Many beloved characters started on local stages. How you get to SNL can be as important as what you do on it.  Also, I’ll bet Jenny Slate feels vindicated today.
Cancel culture is getting a lot of control.
Cancel culture in comedy is real.   For example, 's tweets get cancelled every day
Ah yes, cancel culture: formerly known as “consequences”
We really should stop with this cancel culture and instead be quiet and wait until racists stop using derogatory slurs all on their own...as they have done throughout history, right?
Cancel culture but it’s cis het friends gradually withdrawing themselves from my life after I transitioned.
When cancel culture suits you. Also, this undermines your thesis that the Left doesn’t tackle antisemtism, as I reported here :  
answering my own question: i think that eventually we are all going to be so PC that there’s never going to be anything to dig up and therefore cancel culture will cancel itself.
Do you think cancel culture is here to stay or will it eventually fade away? (Serious question and not a limerick.)
 Exactly--ironically, it's some of the "cancel culture" complainers that want simplistic standards: "[person] said [offensive thing] and didn't get fired!" Yeah: maybe that person was actually making a satirical point and people applied judgment! That's, uh, good, right?
Maybe the goalposts haven't moved much in either direction. Those complaining about "cancel culture" will note "they" tried to do this to Trevor Noah and Melissa Villaseñor, too. But that didn't work! Maybe we're actually weighing facts &amp; circumstances and making nuanced choices.
Shane Gillis will be crying to Joe Rogan, Steven Crowder and Ben Shapiro about “cancel culture” and how not being able to toss around racial slurs in the name of “comedy” violates his free speech. He has a lucrative career as a right wing grifter ahead of him.
    Well.....you were doing great  until you decided to pander to a small population of America that thrives off Cancel culture. You are becoming like MTV....you used to show comedy.
 the bible is probably the only place where cancel culture really does exist
   The mob and SNL are all hypocrites. I am against cancel culture.
People whose opinion I actually value: if any one of you ever uses "cancel culture" in earnest I will shit in your ear.
"Cancel culture isn't real until we weaponize it but then it's considered justice."   Never been so terrified in my life.
Absolutely disgusting example of cancel culture.
The really disturbing thing about the "cancel culture" defense of Gillis is that it tries to rebrand as "PC overreach" something that had just been an accepted norm of human decency. The Michael Richards incident was 13 years ago!
God loves cancel culture pass it on
  My problem with his response was the "pushing boundaries" thing. He wasn't cutting up some sort of new, "fresh" joke. I think "cancel" culture around comedians is absurd and they SHOULD be edgy, but his stuff was just flat out not funny and lazy.
The next few days of comedians whining abt cancel culture is going to be corny and exhausting
When people condemn "cancel culture" as oppositional to compassion, grace, and mercy they are speaking the language of spiritual abuse. It's also gaslighting.  Compassion, grace &amp; mercy don't always mean allowing access or giving continued to support. Have boundaries, friends.
Congratulations to everyone saying cancel culture isn't real on getting Shane Gillis fired.
I always find it funny when people talk about cancel culture ruining someone's life. But they just lose one big job that the the vast majority of all humans won't have. Their punishment is being normal lol   
   While I agree the cancel culture has grown out of control, this was not a “slip up”. His words were not “taken out of context” nor did he accidentally say something he didn’t mean. The terrifying things he talked about were his true thoughts. Good for SNL.
Given how much audience &amp; funding there is for anti-"cancel culture" content these days, I wouldn't be at all surprised to see a big-$$ Netflix special from Gillis sooner or later. What a weird zeitgeist!
Of all the critiques of "cancel culture" the "God doesn't cancel people" take is the most laughable and dishonest.  Like, what?! Have you ever read a page of the Bible in your life? God was "canceling" people by the thousands. It was called nation-building, though..
4. That's the thing about so-called cancel culture, you can un-cancel someone, especially comics! They can go on tour, they can have their own podcast, they can write a book. Really have an issue with cancel culture? Open up your wallet.   Talk is cheap.
3. With the number of people complaining about Shane Gillis being cancelled (he hasn't been), he should be able to sell out Radio City for 3 nights. But that probably won't happen because people who complain about cancel culture rarely put their money where their mouth is
this is what a zero percent sorry, totally does not grasp how awful this is, absolutely knows this will fuel the flames of anti-cancel culture bros statement looks like
Also just can't wait for all the takes about how "cancel culture" means you can't even defend straight-up racism as "pushing boundaries" anymore.
If there was any way to save his job, it wasn't via that smug, condescending iOS press release he put out not responsibility and insinuating people offended by his racism didn't mean it. Cancel culture is not nearly as potent as some think it is, but no, you can't be that stupid.
OH OH HERE COMES CANCEL CULTURE
This was the correct call.   Plus, his name recognition has only increased. I'm sure he's going to have a whole new slate of material about how cancel culture has become so sensitive you can't even be virulently racist in a publicly available forum without facing ramifications!
  Wow. You’re loving “cancel culture” when the people you want to be silenced are silenced. You are so tired.
The electoral college sucks. Ok cancel culture, do your thing!   
      I completely agree. Just seems that these people who are so anti-cancel culture are usually the same ones who want to cancel women who speak. Go figure, huh?
     Maintaining a successful career is not cancel culture. Holding people socially accountable for their actions is not cancel culture. An inability to take responsibility for their actions is not cancel culture. Finally having a voice and using it is not cancel culture.
No surprise that 's conversation with  for ' Emmy preview is wide-ranging and provocative — covering subjects from antisemitism, death threats and political rage to Dave Chappelle and cancel culture:   
    Agree whole-heartedly.  Not asking for #CancelCulture response, just understanding of the community that continues to be marginalized in this arena
Comedian Adam Carolla unloaded on “cancel culture” and social justice warriors during a Comedy Central show, remarking, “Comedians need a place where they can be offensive without your bullshit, fake outrage.”    
South Park was renewed for a 26th season. Really wondering how the upcoming season will work in this current state of cancel culture we're living in. Hopefully business as usual.   Will they even be affected by that bs?  Will Cartman find love again?  Should I have more coffee?
Fun fact: There used to be a saying all Americans agreed on. It went, "I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it". #CancelCulture Now it's...   
 But again, would love for you to provide examples of ANY comedians whose careers have been destroyed by "cancel culture." It's this boogeyman people like you love citing without any evidence. I invite you to unpack that a bit!
 Once again, would love for anyone to list the comedians whose careers have been ruined by "cancel culture." Dave Chappelle faced some criticism? OK. He's still wildly successful and will continue to make millions doing comedy. What exactly is the problem?
 Maybe not the first, but God canceling most of the human race with the flood seems like a big deal #CancelCulture   
It’s a growing trend to not do business with or even talk to people because of their political opinions. It’s our right to do so, but has #CancelCulture gone too far? #IWpol
I disagree with many of Yang’s policy prescriptions, but he seems like a great guy &gt;&gt; Democratic Presidential Candidate Andrew Yang Makes Takes Stand Against ‘Cancel Culture’    #YangGang
Real “cancel culture” is putting out a tweet like this and erasing the fact that  did it first. (Yes, I know Kap did it in a playoff game. Then say “in the regular season”.)
Thank you for attending this production of "The Crucible" in which the Salem Witch Trials serve as a powerful condemnarion of cancel culture. It may seem anachronistic for Abigail Williams and her classmates to all use cell phones in colonial Massachusetts however as a director I
If you are screaming CANCEL CULTURE to avoid the discomfort of someone asking for respect, you have become a cog in the capitalist wheels. Capitalism is really good at making you think you’re screaming free speech when you’re actually just defending some rich guy’s business model
I’m shocked that no one’s written a contemporary novel on cancel culture. I think I’ll do it.
Zoe Quinn didn’t force anyone to cancel Alec Holowka with false allegations of sexual assault. She may have lied, but everyone else chose to do it on their own cognizance. Cancel culture is a choice. Own it.
 I had to put that jk at the end because with this cancel culture people will take that tweet and say I was serious!!! that's our new code. (jk)
A few topics we focus on - Cancel culture, Privilege, #Metoo...  between Felicity Huffman’s sentence, Shane Gillis vs  &amp; newly uncovered Brett Kavanaugh allegations...these topics are getting more and more important - tackle them with us on #ModernRuhles
Honestly, the constant posts and messages for the last 13 years that my opinion columns are biased are some of what makes life worth living. Where is my nyt perch to complain about cancel culture?
 also he's fine. this website is fake. like this drama is just on twitter and some entertainment blogs. he has a job and will work forever. nobody is actually censoring anyone. cancel culture is fake. also he's not my friend and he sees nothing wrong with what he said. btw.
Cancel culture has me all sorts of nervous watching this roast, but so far Sean Hayes is perfection. #BaldwinRoast
Attempting three field goals from inside the five is cancel culture send tweet
People whining about “cancel culture” are strangely uncomfortable with anyone experiencing a consequence in extremely competitive field.
“Cancel culture” is a weird way of phrasing “wondering why you’re racist.”
 Also I never said I was outraged. I just don’t get why people not wanting Shane Gillis on snl bc of racist comments is cancel culture. Just seems like a logical reaction that Asians would get mad when someone uses slurs? Like what did he think would happen lol
It seems like all the people who hate cancel culture...really want it cancelled.   
Cancel culture, social justice warriors, twitter mafia, outrage mobs, PC culture, hysteria ... and tomorrow there will be a new term, to broadly delegitimize the basic act of people speaking up, rather than engaging with actual cases and arguments
It’s not “the left” that does “cancel culture” they accuse us of it bc it scares them that people like me might have power. And then they use the very “cancel culture” they lament to try to get people like me fired. They tried to cancel me twice in a year.
  Nah. Not to the degree of the whites. As “the whites” get all up in arms about #cancelculture to the point where they’re making tons of anonymous troll accounts. Hahaa. Nice header BTW. Very believable.   
A lot of people privately ask me why I worry about cancel culture. Surely the consequences tend to be trivial...  Here's one example: The judge who gave Brock Turner an overly lenient sentence has just been fired from his second career *as a tennis coach*.      
‘Cancel culture:’ euphemism for black users invoking the power of Twitter to call out racists/racism because there’ll otherwise be no professional or societal consequence.   Good thing white men are here to show us the appropriate way to assert our humanity instead.
I love  &amp; his show, but this is a fantastic &amp; classy response by . In a time when it would have been easy for Corden to invoke cancel-culture type calls to protest, he instead rebutted Bill's argument with respect and reason. Disagreement should look like this.
   Death threats have nothing to do with cancel culture - those are fringe weirdos. I've lived with those for years, too, nobody should threaten you.  But your choices DO affect others. You're excusing racism - that's not the same as saying you don't like beets. See what I mean?
 I love Ray Bradbury but Fahrenheit 451 has not aged well and sounds a bit Old Man Yells At Clouds these days, especially the blame he throws at marginalized groups. Even in his day they were complaining about safe spaces and cancel culture 😐
I don't think cancel culture is the correct term. It's true ppl continue to benefit from bad acts despite calls to "cancel" them. It's more shame culture or pile on culture or pot meet kettle culture. And the issue is that this is an oft-ineffective strategy that frustrates many.
Liberals: I stand with Andrew Yang Conservatives: Yang thinks cancel culture has gone too far Centrists: Yang is a very reasonable man trying to find a middle ground.
  I really want a redo so we can have the full cancel culture conversation.
   Blaming cancel culture for people getting mad at you for your own bad choices is being like the 7th grade girl who gossips about her friends and then blames them when nobody likes her anymore.
New SNL Hire In ‘Cancel Culture’ Crosshairs Over Past Offensive Jokes. Here’s His Response.   
I wish cancel culture would cancel MY PLANS!
Why don’t conservatives point to denying  employment for two years and counting as an example of “cancel culture?” Seems to me to be the ultimate example. He didn’t lose a couple of endorsements. He lost the whole thing, with their encouragement...
WOW!!  is GREAT!! He would make a mighty fine President or Secretary of Treasury. He's above cancel culture, presents policies that takes the edge off of the working class, and has an aura of leadership I can get behind. #politics #2020Election
Cancel culture should be called time-out culture.   Because when people say they've been cancelled, they're really just been asked to go sit in a corner and think about what they've done for 15 minutes.
Whites are so bent out of shape about what they think “cancel culture” is all about because they’ve literally cancelled entire cultures. 🤷‍♂️
these are, distilled, precisely the stakes in this debate. "cancel culture" is about power, about those IN power demanding those WITHOUT power be silent.
my hot take is that the history of racial slurs is a history of violence and people who throw them around against racial minorities ought to be ostracized but i guess that might be “cancel culture”   
ah yes, the unreasonable “cancel culture” of racial minorities who decide they don’t want to sit down with people who call them slurs
Yang rejecting the knee-jerk cancel culture is encouraging.
THIS RIGHT HERE. “Cancel culture” is a weapon of the right to undermine anyone demanding an equal voice and respect in the public arena. Just like “political correctness” was used to undermine people demanding respect for their personhood before.
Andrew Yang shows forgiveness and humanity, rejecting calls to feed into the cancel culture.  A glimpse of grace.
yeah I do agree we should cancel culture
The attitude in the tweet above explains why it was so hard to get sexual assault taken seriously at university on at least two occasions. Cancel culture does not exist because if it did those men responsible would not have had degrees or careers.
in naming it "cancel culture," it gets undue distinction as "something unique," but it is not  it's the exact opposite; it's an unspecific thing that "only the bad guys do"  when it's really just competition baked into socialization so completely, even leftism is capitalism
as a person who gets pointed at as obsessed with "cancel culture" I hate its given name perhaps more than any aspect of it  it's really just a catch all for various competitive behaviors that have been marketed as normal accelerating in the internet era
  They sure do and they love me. Probably became they don't fold to harassment of woman by woman and #CancelCulture.
I don’t get what cancel culture has to do with Asians not wanting a racist being a celebrity on SNL. Shane Gillis was being himself on that podcast. I didn’t see him telling any joke. A comedian pushes boundaries - a racist uses comedy as an excuse to be a fucking cunt.
  There is no cancel culture cannon.  Though that is amusing alliteration.
 You deleted 2 tweets so far including your previous apology because you didn’t like the comments. Cancel culture is a bit too much for you to handle? Deal with it. Your organization and others love it for clicks and views like a bunch of grifters. This is the fire you play with.
*awkwardly confronted by trey stone at a party* no I LOVED “BASEketball” ... its just that damn cancel culture ...
to call the secret service on me for his misrepresentation of my joke. LMAO. Cancel Culture, indeed.
what I'm saying is, pay attention to who actually is part of cancel culture, who actually does manufacture outrage. And remember that the pussies calling us over here soft tried to get me "cancelled" twice in the last year.
Cancel culture is contagious. If someone chooses to show love to or publicly support the one being dragged, they somehow are deemed canceled too.  What is this world we are living in??
The only solution to PC/Cancel culture in comedy is to finally elevate puns to the pantheon of humor, where they rightfully belong.
Cancel culture is toxic.
A serial rapist president got a serial sexual assailant confirmed for a lifetime appointment on the Supreme Court.  Cancel culture absolutely doesn’t exist.
I was at Williams this week w/ &amp;  for a great discussion on social media. Aminatou argued "cancel culture" is a myth, a fiction, &amp; while I don't fully agree, Bari Weiss is strong support for her view: held up as a classic victim of it, yet "cancelled" nowhere:
 The New York Times should experience some of this cancel culture they and other media outlets love so much. Play with fire, get burned. You deserve it.
“Cancel culture is ruining the careers of brave, edgy comedians!” - people who have no money to spend on comedy or comedians, apparently
CANCEL  CULTURE  Just cancel the whole thing. Let's just not do anything
   Where's cancel culture when we need it
 say no to cancel culture, James
 Over an unspoken assumption is pretty disheartening. It would go against everything I’ve ever said, done or stood for. So it hurts.  Cancel culture is very real and it’s going to make artists stop connecting with fans on a real level for fear of being misinterpreted like this.
Remember kids it's not "cancel culture" when media executives or publishers do it, only when thousands of people who have no voice or institutional power except their numbers do it.
Speaking of cancel culture, there’s a Chris Brown concert in Brooklyn tonight.
  No the whole point of 'cancel culture' is if someone says anything that even mildly offends someone somewhere the online mob must attack said person until they've lost their job and livelihood. Imagine when they discover YouTube.
Shane Gillis doesn’t call Asians “chinks” or make fun of them like this to push boundaries. This isn’t comedy. This is hate. SNL continuing to employ him is a huge disgrace. Cancel culture has its excesses but this is a case for appropriate accountability.   
 They all say that shit, just as they reference all the comedians whose careers have supposedly been ruined by cancel culture without being able to name a single one.
Maybe there ARE some people out there who genuinely enjoy ripping people apart for things they've done. I am not one of those people. I AM critical of cancel culture and not comfortable with it. But a spade is a fucking spade. How are you helping this conversation by excusing it?
If you whine about “cancel culture” in entertainment, I expect you to be also advocating for actresses who can’t get work after they turn 40.  Like you BETTER be rioting in the streets until Bridget Fonda lands a prestige HBO show.
Cancel culture is taking my sleep from me!
But yea I'm not trying to see cancel culture anymore. It's lame, and most of y'all really don't care unless you see a way to profit from it. Truth hurts I know, but says a lot. For the oversensitivity I see, I laugh more than in annoys 😂. I love my homies on here and most of
  I mean, people who have done really heinous things—Cosby, Weinstein—are no longer accepted into polite society. But these are rare cases. Cancel culture seems mainly a bugbear for  set.
  There’s a case to be made that cancel culture on social media has run amok where people get destroyed and smeared without due process, without facts, and without evidence. That must absolutely stop. But calling Andrew Yang a chink on a public podcast is a bridge too far.
Dave Chappelle, Bill Burr Bring Cancel Culture to Its Knees      
Dave Chappelle, Bill Burr Bring Cancel Culture to Its Knees   
 I’d say having to change your name just to work behind the scenes is a hearty cancellation.  And none of this is to say he’s innocent by the way (there’s so much contradicting info on the death and trial), but just to say that cancel culture definitely isn’t new.
People who think “cancel culture” is new have definitely never heard of Fatty Arbuckle.
The best thing to happen in Cancel Culture to date.
  I’d have a discussion with you but you don’t believe in cancel culture (yet you stand in the middle of it) so we don’t even live on the same planet.
      These are all weapons. “PC,” “cancel culture,” “woke,” etc., don’t just describe the rhetorical war. They’re part of it. They frame our side as victims and your side as mean and humorless.
Also... I think all this talk about how cancel culture doesn’t exist may be a semantic issue. I’ve never thought of “cancelation” as literal cancelation, and a year ago we called it “call-out culture” (same principle, less catchy name) and no one argued that it was a myth.
the saddest part is, we could end all of this right now if someone would just tweet "how about CANCEL CULTURE is canceled??"   such a shame.
i agree that we should cancel culture
I’m fine with cancel culture as long as someone acknowledges my pioneering work in the “clean-not-mean” comedy revolution!
Christians—careful about criticizing #CancelCulture if you do the same to other Christians you disagree with.
Cancel culture   
   Cancel culture was invented by black women
Matt Stone of #SouthPark theorizes critics’ tricky predicament amid #CancelCulture "They know what they have to write to keep their job. So when I read TV reviews or cultural reviews, I think of someone in prison, writing. This is not what they think”      
  Yup. Joy already stood up to cancel culture and she will stand up to this Racist-in-Chief, Donald J. Trump, without breaking a sweat.
 I think it goes in both directions. People are giddy at the prospect of cancelling someone whose platform has gotten too big for their platform britches too. I mostly feel “cancel culture” where it exists and succeeds mostly operates to undercut people whose power is tenuous.
what do I think of cancel culture? love it. I say bring it on. time to cancel all subscriptions to retailers who email 38 times a day
  You might argue that Robespierre was the first victim of cancel culture
 From now on, anyone complaining about “cancel culture” should have to give an example of it at work. If it’s such a problem, there should be lots of examples. Also, bonus points if the example isn’t a stand up comedian.
  I warned y'all that cancel culture would eventually come and hurt the left. No sense in being salty about the world y'all helped to build :P
One of the best articles on “Cancel-Culture” I’ve ever read..
Has anyone written about the intersection of cancel culture + free market capitalism +  free speech and how dipshits want to cherry pick from all those concepts in an intellectually ludicrous way
Great question. I got nothing.  Also, have dudes actually learned anything or are they just sitting around writing shitty standup sets about cancel culture?
Hansel culture &gt;&gt;&gt; Cancel culture
If you’re making the argument that “cancel culture doesn’t exist” maybe refrain from following it up with “name one person who didn’t deserve it!”
  You guys aren’t worth the effort. But good luck with cancel culture, bud.
 I think at the core of his apology is an understanding that more than half the people "upset" are feigning outrage as part of infectious cancel culture, while also acknowledging real upset exists and apologizing to them. It serves two purposes, to apologize &amp; point out a problem.
You like cancel culture so much well I am canceling my subscription to your
  The school chose to let him go. That's not cancel culture. That's just employers making decisions. Persky isn't entitled to work with teen girls.
We Republicans claim to oppose cancel culture. Unless we’re canceling primaries to avoid a little political competition.   
And she is a shining example of why cancel culture in the Internet era is a fucking cancer.
tired: cancel culture wired: Aufhebung culture
 What's all this about cancel culture. Sounds like a computer command.
Watch “Cancel Culture” go after . But they will lose because he’s been attacked by critics since day 1 and is still standing.    Tim Tebow criticized for arguing against California law on college athletes    
you know what? I'm all for cancel culture.
Cancel culture is absolutely a real thing and the people trying to tell you it’s not are the modern day equivalent of Inquisitors and they will happily condemn you to burn at the stake.
Netflix getting rid of Midsomer at the end of the month is cancel culture
The comedians are being used as high profile kill shots that let everyone else know they need to stfu, get in line or risk the same fate.  If you think cancel culture doesn’t exist—you don’t know anyone who has been canceled. Lucky you.
I’d be a lot more worried about “cancel culture” if we weren’t still doling out awards to Roman Polanski
Part of your job as an entertainer is to figure out how not to be hated. I deal with cancel culture daily*. I try not to be cancelled*, but if I am cancelled I say “Well, that’s what I signed up for”*  *not actually true
If you’re into cancel culture, then FINE! Cancel all the people you want! Just remember that cancellation is a DEATH WARRANT and in some rare cases people do die! It’s not like they can just return to their jobs within months or become proud boys! YOU PEOPLE ARE SICK
The people condemning “cancel culture” are often just lamenting the diminishment of their own power to decide what is acceptable discourse and rhetoric in our society.
Are there any good explainers on cancel culture, specifically on the difference between cancelation and plain old critique? Vox, strangely, seems not to have touched this one yet.
 Cancel "cancel culture" culture
A New Wave band called Cancel Culture
Cancel culture is getting out of control   
I wrote something for  about comedy and free speech and the illustrations are awesome. If you want to cancel me for writing about cancel culture please subscribe here first.      
Hahahahahahahaha How The Fuck Is Cancel Culture Real Hahahaha Just Walk Away From The Screen Like Just Close Your Eyes Haha
Only a fragile wimp would be afraid of “cancel” culture. I cancel myself at least 5 times a day just to feel alive.
All of this “cancel culture” talk is making me think about “can sell culture.” Specifically, the “Can-Can” sale song ShopRite does.
 My top 5 is would include Bernie Mac, Norm MacDonald, Brian Regan and a couple guys I’m not allowed to admit liking because of cancel culture
The only real 'cancel culture' is cancelin' plans, you know?
 cancel culture got you too huh
an exciting time for comedy. cancel culture is fighting yelling racial slurs into a microphone culture, men who would once have been be cast as dumpy know it all dads with suspiciously hot wives on network multi cams are crying in the same bathrooms Gilda Radner once pooped in,
Dave Chappelle Saves us from OURSELVES #DaveChappelle #CancelCulture    
Cancel Culture is real. It’s power and reach is just overstated.
Just like with everything else “cancel culture” was a cool little thing black folk did with their friends and now that young white folks are into it older white people are finding tenuous reasons to be scared of it
Will  and  Be the Latest Victims of #CancelCulture?   
So now it feels like a “mob” to them. It feels like “cancel culture” which is a thing THEY MADE UP to make you think that comedy is supposed to be able to be consequence-free art. WHICH IS BULLSHIT.
John Bolton was a victim of cancel culture. Sad
 Why not just say "Shane Gillis Used Racial Slur"?   "Resurfaced" to me indicates some sort of digging around, which plays into the idea that cancel culture will comb through your old shit. But this video was available, and recent.
 Keeping up with cancel culture is a full-time job.
Dunk tank clowns are the only true victims of “cancel culture”
Maybe instead of being mad about "cancel culture" you should learn to take criticism from Twitter in stride and adjust to a world where critics have direct access to you and you can't ignore them  [a bunch of conservatives get mad at me about something]  HELP I AM BEING HARASSED
The "cancel culture" discourse has gotten so dumb -- people just reciting the same mantras they were two years ago without actually explaining what they're for or against, what the rules should be, if it's fair if X vs Y vs Z gets fired, blah blah blah. Online ruins everything.
 Cancel culture is galaxy brain good for Michael Che!!!!
My galaxy brain is that SNL hired a dude with easily Googleable racist shit in his not-even-past not only to get publicity for the show (medium brain) but also force us to have conversations about cancel culture F O R E V E R
I know what you’re thinking. If only there was a relevant comedy documentary that covered #cancelculture but was also fun and entertaining and fair minded.    I don’t know #shanegillis but maybe this will give you all better context for this debate.
 The enemy at this party was cancel culture.
every writeup of a book party is like a batman rogue's gallery of twitter super villains eating canapes and clutching their pearls saying things like "cancel culture has gone too far," every book party i've actually been to is just dirtbag writers who show up for the free wine
Yakov Smirnoff Compares 'Cancel Culture' to USSR - Hollywood in Toto ⁦⁩    
Just watched the new Bill Burr Netflix special too. Brilliant. So good to see real comedians fighting back against “Cancel Culture” bullshit. Hopefully this nonsense will start to crumble.
 Does anyone who says "cancel culture" in a grave voice understand what words mean
Cancel culture. An establishment under siege. And a very nice person unfairly maligned. It’s all here!   
The depredations of the online left came up often at the party. MSNBC anchor Stephanie Ruhle, who has frequently hosted Weiss on her morning show, deplored “cancel culture”      
An interesting analysis on the value of the diversity of opinions and cancel culture by  in   "The decision to isolate ourselves from people or ideas that are different—or even that scare us—is not just damaging but dangerous."    
 I’ve seen folk call to be “cancelled” and also chat about how much they “hate cancel culture”  Actual idiot metronome of a person
  pretty sure his audition was a set about cancel culture and comedy bloggers ruining comedy. Hired on the spot.
I’d say I can’t wait til ur dream comes true so I can Google u/interview every dipshit whose feelings uve hurt but ur dream won’t come true bc ur not special &amp; u know that &amp; it’s why cancel culture is awesome 4 u bc it finally gave your meaningless life purpose. Also ur ugly.
"There's a generational thing going on." #SouthPark co-creator Matt Stone talks about the rise of cancel culture   
I'd be more worried about cancel culture if 1) it was actually canceling all these people, and 2) the vast majority of people weren't able to avoid its wrath with the utmost ease
Honestly trying to think of one person who’s actually been cancelled in this chilling time of unrestrained cancel culture and so far I got maaaaaybe Lori Loughlin.
My last tweet was potentially too harsh. I’ll say it more calmly: if you are into cancel culture, you align yourself with the 1980’s PMRC, Moral Majority, and Religious Right. Yes, THAT Right. If that’s where you wanna be, God bless.
 If I had to guess, he doesn’t care. Based on his Instagram feed, Che’s anti-cancel culture. He’d pretty side with “comedians gotta make jokes” or something.
 Cancel culture needs to be canceled
What is the opposite of Cancel Culture? Because between Caroline Calloway and a human named PewDiePie (??) I feel assaulted by reverse obscurity.
 I hate cancel culture a ton, but who would use that word in 2018?! What was he thinking?!
 Preemptively: using the phrase "cancel culture" in relation to a guy who thought it'd be funny to say "let the ch*nks live [in Chinatown]" (in 2018!!) would be incorrect and bad, thanks
Opinion: Cancel culture is toxic:      
  No because it’s not about *my* situation, it’s mob mentality, bullying, and cancel culture as a whole. Which I think is cruel. So, my friends and I made art about it. You don’t need to support it or be happy about it 🖤
these guys think cancel culture actually works in the same way theyve been strawmanning it. just like their understanding of race is that of a childs “you criticized a black person now ur racist!” used to be a their straw man of the left’s arguments- now they do it unironically
 You mean something besides the fetus who freaks out about cancel culture
How can we talk about the issues that impact us most with those we don't agree with?  talks cancel culture with   and . Listen here for free:      #podcast #news #politics #newspodcast #stephanieruhle #MSNBC   
Sticks and Stones Will Break Your Bones: On Patriarchy, Cancel Culture and Dave Chappelle    via 
I've seen like 8,000 articles by middle aged white men arguing that the discrepancy between the critic reviews and audience reviews on Rotten Tomatoes proves that critics are out of touch cancel culture elitists or whatever, which is absurd if you know about the internet
In Praise of Cancel Culture: How the drive to censor everything and everyone is bringing about a new renaissance   
Matt Stone theorizes critics are in a tough spot amid cancel culture: “They know what they have to write to keep their job. So when I read TV reviews or cultural reviews, I think of someone in prison, writing. This is not what they think”    #SouthPark
DIXIE CHICKS AND “CANCEL CULTURE”: The group became early victims of “cancel culture” in 2003 for criticizing Pres. Bush — but now they’re featured on Taylor Swift’s new album and some are still holding a grudge. The co-hosts discuss if it’s time to move on.   
The free-speech loving, cancel culture hating, anti alt-right zealots like Ben Shapiro are silent on this. Wonder why? 🤔
Yakov Smirnoff Compares 'Cancel Culture' to USSR   
Cancel Culture Oracles, come get your man.
A lot of conservative writers and a not-small number of liberal ones have read way too many op-eds about cancel culture and now think they're five minutes away from a Maoist struggle session.
 I served on the board of a domestic violence nonprofit with Judge Persky for years.m when he was a prosecutor—that’s how he spent his spare time. The idea that he is not fit to be a coach now, or a lawyer, or judge, or anything, is the absurd extreme of cancel culture. Very sad.
This is a very important episode re: the professional and personal implications of wrongful accusations and cancel culture, plus navigating mistakes-- please listen and share:
If "cancel culture" which I think has often been a very positive thing is going to continue to be positive and effective it needs to have limits.
Which is to say, cancel culture exists and it can be ruthless and it is, without question, unhealthy for a society that lives on the internet. But there are people who have made their living offending people and been so successful that they are out of cancel culture's reach.
Matt Stone declares "cancel culture" worse than ever on the same day  gets picked up for 3 more seasons...
Okay, so: two mild critiques of this. 1) The reason it's different is because of the way the internet preserves things and because modern 'cancel culture' makes no room for reentry.  2) C'mon, South Park complaining about cancel culture when it's entering its 22nd season?
the right on a war high bullied large chunks of America into putting The Dixie Chicks in black sites, I have yet to see a cancel culture moment of the Obama or trump years that the New York Times op ed section has complained about that tops that
South Park is renewed through season 26! 🎉 Read this exclusive interview with Trey and Matt where they discuss the new season, cancel culture, and their plans for the future    
but it is the same as it’s always been, I can’t think of a generation that didn’t have a “cancel culture,” and I’m glad I’m part of one where the dominant cancel culture wasn’t boycotting people for like saying “Marx had some good ideas” once
Matt Stone on “cancel culture”: "I don’t want to say it’s the same as it's always been. The kids are fucking different than us. There’s a generational thing going on”    #SouthPark
Got to hangout once more with  creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone and we discussed a lot — from their show being renewed through 2022 to their announce with “cancel culture” to their plans for a new movie      
The 1975's Matty Healy thinks 'cancel culture' is going too far      
I am not at all a fan of cancel culture or of censorship of art in any circumstances. Of course anyone who wants to see this movie absolutely should! But I do think we should talk about the message too
 Alec Holowka was driven to suicide, and few seem to care. Journalists almost universally headlined his suicide as "passed away," as if by chance.   He didn't pass away. He was killed by a cancel culture mob. People have a right to discuss public info surrounding the case.
.: In Praise of Cancel Culture   
A Trick of Light, 's final work, explores the internet's failure to connect us. His co-author  tells  why "cancel culture" flourishes online.    
Leftist cancel culture on campus   
#Canceled: How cancel culture is affecting brands      
What happens when you get canceled for something you didn't do?  shares his 2-year journey after a wrongful #MeToo accusation and we talk about canceling cancel culture on a very special episode (hope you get the reference) of    
  Am I just getting old and outdated? What is cancel culture!
#Canceled: How cancel culture is affecting brands      
Kobe Bryant and Ben Roethlisberger are both (allegedly) rapists and you all are still living on them but anyway, when’s the next think piece about how cancel culture ruins men’s careers?
Opinion: Cancel culture is toxic:      
Her: Look, it's been fun hanging out, but I'm just not attracted to you  Me: Wow, cancel culture much???
Guys if you liked Dave Chappelle’s #SticksAndStones - then watch ’s new comedy special #PaperTiger - it’s hilarious &amp; brilliant, and he takes on #MeToo, Male Feminists, Cancel Culture and much more!    🔥🍿   
Finally, a meeting of my two favorite minds!    Thanks   🙏 Not sure I totally agree with Sam's assertion that Trump's" send them back" statement wasn't racist &amp; think Dave underestimates SJW #CancelCulture silencing affect upon society.
 Can I keep the postmodern critical theory cancel culture at least?
Check out ’s all-new podcast #ModernRuhles that will address today’s most pressing issues including political correctness &amp; how to navigate cancel culture.  Find it anywhere you get your podcasts!   
#Canceled: How cancel culture is affecting brands      
Cancel culture is SO toxic.
My  podcast with 's coauthor  about their excellent new novel A Trick of Light also goes deep on #CancelCulture in YA lit.           
The Roth Effect with Carol Roth: Canceling Cancel Culture (#27)   
A Trick of Light, 's final work, explores the internet's failure to connect us. His co-author  tells  why "cancel culture" flourishes online. Podcast   
Equinox and the dangers of cancel culture: Recognizing the consequences of your actions requires consideration of the long game.      
Standing by waiting for my first “You’re defending Antonio Brown!!!” shaming reply. Make no mistake, it’s coming #CancelCulture   
Can Georgina Chapman's Marchesa make a comeback in the era of 'cancel culture'?      
Have you listened to the first episode of #ModernRuhlesPodcast yet? Check out my conversation on political correctness and cancel culture with   and  anywhere you get your podcasts!     
 Today's politically correct cancel culture has put paid to balls to the wall satire like star trek, clearly
How can we talk about the issues that impact us most with those we don't agree with?  talks cancel culture with   and . Listen here for free:      #MSNBC   
Can Georgina Chapman's Marchesa make a comeback in the era of 'cancel culture'?   
#CancelCulture is a cultural or financial boycott of any person, phrase, brand, company or concept that’s made a mistake. In the year 2019, that mistake can be big, or it can be small. It can be real or it can be perceived,  writes.      
#Canceled: How cancel culture is affecting brands   The logical consequence of everything becoming a subscription is that consumers “cancel” their relationship with brands.    
Des vidéastes ont appelé à réfléchir sur les fondements de la "cancel culture" sur YouTube 👇  
Really enjoyed chatting with  on our recent podcast, we discussed:  Darmian, Smalling, Sanchez’ time  at Man United &amp; how they’ll fare in Serie A   Lukaku’s legacy at Old Trafford &amp; the incident in Cagliari   Outrage &amp; cancel culture   Tarantino’s last film
 I’m usually anti “cancel culture” but I’ll make an exception here
Thems the rules. Fight back against cancel culture and you are forced into a “conservative ________” box, even if it’s like putting a square peg in a round hole
Can Georgina Chapman's Marchesa make a comeback in the era of 'cancel culture'?      
I agree, we should cancel culture.
  I can’t speak to that as we all run our businesses differently, but I’m disappointed and disgusted with call out/cancel culture. Do these folks put gas in their cars? Yup. Hypocrites.
A Republican outrage mob just got a liberal professor fired from his job for being insufficiently patriotic. This is sheer hypocrisy, and conservatives ought to know better than to participate in cancel culture.     
people get really angry at whatever cancel culture is which I guess makes sense since it seems to be when problematic men get a lump of money, extra vacation days or a stand up special
    Its about humanity-How comics are prophets and all of us trying to transcend ourselves so we can evolve. Trying to find a solution to the cancel culture while trying not to get canceled ahahah!! Gonna be funny!
"Sometimes cancel culture cancels the right person and nowhere is this statement truer than in the case of the most mediocre white man in the history of mediocre white men, Mark Halperin. Halperin was a sort of early 2000s  without the charm."   
all im saying is that cancel culture is becoming toxic and less about demanding equality.
Ya’ll buying into this “cancel culture” thing when all we’re demanding is that the perpetrators of bad behavior truly learn and atone for their mistakes. This ain’t it.
Donald Trump Jr. on Antifa, cancel culture, new book 'Triggered'    via   #OANN
Geoffrey Boycott really tried to blame Black people and the EU for his mini violin problems, when all along it was his inability to accept his heinous violence towards women and cheap views of his Caribbean colleagues. I’m not into cancel culture, but he shouldn’t be knighted.
Cancel culture has taken over the Internet, but what if we educated a person before we #CANCELLED them?   Make the next decade better by putting teaching first. #GTP2020   
Cancel culture has become a little tired, but Lisa Bloom is SO fucking canceled. Read this memo in its entirety. (And chuckle at her explaining the Bechdel Test to Harvey Weinstein, and preaching gender equality in film by suggesting 50% of extras in crowd scenes be female.)
 Conservatives will be into cancel culture now
Chick-fil-A on college campuses is the latest target of the “cancel culture”    
Chick-fil-A on college campuses is the latest target of “cancel culture,” tactics employed especially on the left to ostracize or shame political conservatives.    
What's up with this 'Cancel Culture' mentality?   
  Man, cancel culture is really out of control. me too has gone too far.
A closer look at cancel culture on campus    
This piece has Dave Chappelle controversy in the background but it is full of truth bomb after truth bomb on the cancel culture. via     
A closer look at cancel culture on campus.   
So rather than address problematic behaviors folks are getting gassed up for challenging “cancel culture”  because it’s a way of telling multiply marginalized focus with the vanguard strictly on black women
Cancel culture is entirely about silencing black women’s political power and influence . The term itself has then unfortunately been used to describe other unkind unproductive dynamics that need addressing
A closer look at cancel culture on campus   
JUST ANNOUNCED: ’s all-new podcast #ModernRuhles will address today’s most pressing issues. This week,   &amp;  join Ruhle to discuss political correctness &amp; how to navigate cancel culture.    Find it anywhere you get your podcasts.
*Sees Al Franken is listed first*  Yeah...his life is soooo ruined. 🙄🙄🙄nonexistent cancel culture strikes again!
#ModernRuhles: Compelling Conversations in Culturally Complicated Times launches TODAY!   CLICK HERE to listen:      A huge thanks to my guests   &amp;  who joined me to discuss political correctness &amp; cancel culture.
"[La cancel culture] mène parfois au harcèlement", sans blague. J'ajouterais : les articles à charge, sans contradictoire et mensonger aussi   
La "cancel culture" peut toucher tout le monde, à n'importe quel moment. Des youtubeurs regrettent qu'elle se mue trop souvent en harcèlement.   
De la critique ou du harcèlement ? Des youtubeurs s’érigent contre la « cancel culture »      
PS when I say “please tell me she’s not cancelled” I mean “please tell me she’s not another celebrity with a secret evil side.” I don’t believe “cancel culture” is a real thing. Racists, anti-Semitics, misogynists, sexual predators, et al. getting publicly shamed is a good thing.
A Republican outrage mob just got a liberal professor fired from his job for being insufficiently patriotic. This is sheer hypocrisy, and conservatives ought to know better than to participate in cancel culture.     
 I always knew cancel culture would get me in the end.
 So for me I think what makes jokes funny are when they kinda wild but hold quite a bit of truth to them. But it felt like he was just tryin to be as offensive as possible to take on "cancel culture". Which isn't really his style. And he went for all the easy targets. It was corny
Worst of all, it’s not even an original cancel culture attack. I put the Media Matters critique as a blurb on my book for god’s sake. Which, by the way, you should all go buy. Particularly if you want to be offended. Lots of great stuff in here:      
In which  is absolutely correct.   "Conservatives, after all, ought to know better than to engage in the outrage-mongering and cancel culture we so often decry on the Left."   
 has cancel culture gone too far?!
  2/ zooming out a bit, modern "cancel culture" was definitely pushed primarily by the left and the left does it more, but worth noting that the 'older' version of exclusion that this was partly addressing was the far more prolific ostracizing of ethnic/racial/religious minorities.
  The “right” has cancel culture too.  I’m not a fan regardless of where it comes from.    
much less being human, at all. it feels like "am I wrong? no, it must be the children that are wrong"—except we weren't wrong. We were diagnosing the thing we were born to fix.   If that looks scary (#MeToo, "Cancel Culture") it's because change is scary—it was always going to be
Cancel culture is just firing people who don’t work for you
Roman Polanski is proof that cancel culture isn’t terribly powerful   Thanks for coming to my TED Talk
  I think we agree there. But there's also a big leap from "valid sociological questions" to "a vaguely defined set of intersecting phenomena loosely grouped under the term 'cancel culture' is real."
if cancel culture exists, why are the Victorian couple and the one where the guy made her hate Jagged Little Pill both still walking our planet earth
I’m thinking about this as I think of all the white people but especially women who argued merit when discussing researching . I’m thinking SPECIFICALLY of how White Women used cancel culture
 This piece makes an important point about not preemptively shutting out potential allies. That's different from the idea that cancel culture — which holds that randos online have the power to shut down people like Bret Stephens — is a real thing.
People describe all sorts of things as "Orwellian" these days, but referring to criticism from people who don't like you as "cancel culture" is literally a case of changing language to suppress dissent.
Seriously though, can  (please) turn Madeline Miller's Circe into a film because cancel culture doesn't work and we need to see the swine-potion in action.
 I’ll bite. I want to know more. Where do you stand on political correctness and the outage/cancel culture?
Republican Smart Set Attack Conservatives for Fighting Back Against Cancel Culture, Offer No Solutions of Their Own   
to be very clear: I have serious problems with making randos into the gatekeepers of art, science, music—but that makes me an elitist, not an "opponent of cancel culture"  opponents of cancel culture should have the courage to own what they are actually saying
so...I think "cancel" culture has *always* existed  it's simply that the POWER to cancel people (or allow them a platform to begin with!) has shifted to a less defined, less elite public  we can debate the merits of that shift, but pretending cancel culture is new is silly
Republican Smart Set Attack Conservatives for Fighting Back Against Cancel Culture, Offer No Solutions of Their Own   
 Bill Kristol is a whole different breed of cancel culture
Republican Smart Set Attack Conservatives for Fighting Back Against Cancel Culture, Offer No Solutions of Their Own     
"If you are okay with Chappelle only joking about straight, CIS, White men, or Black folks, then maybe it’s you that needs to be cancelled?" Writer Dante James reviews #DaveChapelle's latest #Netflix special Sticks and Stones. #CancelCulture      
I only consider COINTELPRO "cancel culture", lol.
Trump sure has been canceling a LOT of things lately.  Weird sched for a prez. Is this the cancel culture y’all were complaining about?
Is it time to cancel cancel culture?   
It's just online discourse that has the potential to form campaigns, like "Mute R. Kelly".   I think even the phrase "cancel culture" was created by people who dislike when their icons, idols, heroes, and inspirations are seen through critical lens.   "Shut up and enjoy."
It's not about "cancel culture" existing as much as it is the influence of celebrity and entertainment culture on the current sociopolitical climate, or how lack of critique of both cultures can reinforce compliance with unethical and immoral actions and behavior.
 I don't crucify people based on allegations. Cancel culture ain't for me bud 👌
 I’m describing a guild that helps creators who are unfairly disallowed to ply their trade in the mainstream because of blacklistings and cancel culture.   If you’re a reader, it isn’t for you to involve yourself in, but you ought to respect the goals and efforts of ComicsGate.
  Aha! Episode 1 felt like it was all about Twitter mobs and cancel culture and I was wondering if anybody would ever address the fact that what she said was actually homophobic and homophobia has let to a lot more suicides...but Ep.2 is headed into a totally different direction
Dave Chappelle hates cancel culture. Some people have canceled him. Should we just cancel cancel culture already?   
Have you listened to this podcast The Last Days of August Ames? I’m trying to figure out if it will ever move on from blaming cancel culture to addressing homophobia
•Apologize. But do it OUR way.•  That’s twitter for you!   We all fuck up. Cancel culture mentality holds us back.   If there was no crime committed, allow people to find contrition and grow.   It’s not easy to say I’m sorry in a space where people just want you to hang!
 This is the PC cancel culture vs #DaveChappelle (the Bull)
Is Trump's pulling the plug on the Taliban meeting an example of "Cancel Culture"?
                          I know.  In more ways than one.   Get back to talking about how brave Cancel Culture is.  How you're here to stand up for Zoe Quinn and her ilk against cowards.  I was enjoying that.
 I think the penalising affects that come with shame and cancel culture exacerbate people's inability to speak on topics that are present in our community or country. A lot of internal work gets muted further by the trending voice of shame, or am I wrong? 🤦🏾‍♂️
Im not for cancel culture... but I’ll make an exception for this one.  #osamabinladenisoverparty
Learning to be more sensitive to the painful experiences of others—experiences we might not be aware of because of our isolation or privilege—isn’t “political correctness” or “cancel culture”; it’s simply the path to becoming a better, more compassionate, more empathetic person.
THAT being said, maybe we should do another  trial and punishment show on cancel culture? Be really interested to see how people govern themselves and wish to govern the world around them.
Wondering when this shame and cancel culture will move from erasure of people to ways creating, proposing or initiating discussion for a redemptive culture or counter measure.
Cancel culture came for SoulCycle.   Thanks to Trump fundraiser boycotts, SoulCycle attendance is down.   
Cancel culture often keeps me from calling out cancel culture when it's wrong. So my cancel culture cancellation has been preemptively cancelled.
there's nothing reactionaries like more than the image of the left acting like them  and that's really all "cancel culture" is - punitive individualism (to steal a better term)
I'm going to say something that's probably going to piss a lot of people off, but you can't have "cancel culture is pretend" and "I wouldn't care if contrapoints died"  now, that doesn't mean "cancel culture" isn't a misnomer (it's a bad term), but something needs to give
I was on  to talk about true crime, cancel culture, and male feminist predators. It's in episode 146, which is behind their subscription -- but it's worth it, especially if you love true crime.   
Cancel culture
  The human capacity to grow, to evolve, to learn, to reform, to recognize errors is often steamrolled by cancel culture, but is (and always has been) one of humanity's most valuable instruments for progress. It's a good reason to provide ample space for repentance &amp; dialogue.
   But understanding that, I generally agree that one's outrage against actual "cancel culture" should be directed at neutralizing it, rather than perpetrating it ourselves and justifying that by pointing to opponents who also do it.
   The thing is, there actually are things that people should be fired for. If a cop says on Facebook that he likes to beat blacks because he thinks they are subhuman, it's not "cancel culture" to demand his firing. So "oppose firings" is not a general principle I can support.
   I named some. You pretended they are not part of the left because they are not part of the cancel culture left. I don't care for Bill Maher but he's another.
Anyone surprised by the Venice awards might not realise that cancel culture is a mainly UK/US phenomenon &amp; the juries are very much international cross-sections
   Yes. But not ALL of the left is the cancel culture left, just like not ALL of the right opposes cancel culture even when it's leftists getting cancelled.
 Real-time is something no one will ever be able to see again with the new system it seems, outside of creators watching their own dashboards.    It was a cool tool while it lasted, even if used in a different way by cancel culture.  I heard that's a big reason for the change.
 A win would be if people on the left derided cancel culture like people on the right do. Where are the  types writing pieces about not using old tweets to get people fired?
Allahpundit writes the post so I don't have to. Cancel culture: Alabama dean of students out after Breitbart flags his old tweets about race      
Cancel culture is a myth
  what happens with your takedown, call-out and cancel-culture. Eating our own.  Epic fail!
KHACHATRIAN: Cancel Culture Comes For Chicken Sandwiches   
NEW, by me! On Chick-Fil-A: CANCEL CULTURE COMES FOR CHICKEN SANDWICHES   
   "their rules applied against them" -- how did this dean apply cancel culture rules? If he didn't, you've just justified the left whacking *you* with any idiot "rules" created by any idiots on the right even if you don't apply those rules yourself.
  I am unaware of any evidence to suggest that this dean contributed to the cancel culture problem.
Is anyone making a Kickstarter for Cancel Culture 2.0? The first one got a 99% score on RottenTomatoes.
   In other words, cancel culture is good when we do it.
 I thought conservatives weren’t into cancel culture!   
PODCAST: 'Stirring The Pop' episode 3 talks about xenophobia, cancel culture and #AmINext   
 Then how is “cancel culture “ not holding space for reform
I motion that people change the name from Cancel Culture to Postponement Culture.   Honestly it's only been able to postpone things so far.
 amazing  I could totally sacrifice my career to the gods of Cancel Culture and troll everyone for some clickbait money
Cancel culture 🕺🕺
It was a privilege to be on  tonight to discuss "cancel culture" and its corrosive effect on our country.
“Mr. Mosley, it has been reported that you used the N-word in the writers’ room.”  I replied, “I am the N-word in the writers’ room.”  The great Walter Mosley explains why we should not silence others’ speech. Cancel culture, please take heed.    
Last month, cancel culture came for SoulCycle. One month later, we have data that shows the hullabaloo was more than just Twitter chatter.   
hAs caNCel culTuRE goNE toO faR?!?!   
Right-wing cancel culture comes for Jamie Riley, who dared to criticize the American flag.    
 If you’d have included a tl;dr in your first thread you might have saved yourself a bit of headache. That’s not intended to be a strong criticism or to be argumentative. Just my 2 cent. I do appreciate you taking the time though. Cancel culture is bad for America.
Good for Drew Brees. Cancel culture has no power over you if you refuse to be cancelled.     via 
Ask the Dixie Chicks about this new cancel culture why doncha.
Here’s a thought — all those who loathe cancel culture and deplatforming should oppose cancel culture and deplatforming, no matter the target.
I’ve lost at least 57,000 followers by not boot licking the “MAGA” message such as air strikes in Syria are good now. 🥴  That’s not cancel culture.   Contrapoints isn’t being cancelled. Her fans decided they didn’t like her anymore.   Welcome to being a celebrity!
Contrapoints said something her fan base didn’t like, he fan base freaked, and someone she’s a victim?  Man I’ve lost 10,000 followers with a tweet. More than once.   Cancel culture is when you get fired, no-platformed, not when “called out” by the unhinged.
Have you heard the latest edition of #TheOne w/ ?    &amp;  weigh in on the most &amp; least-friendly states in the U.S., "cancel culture" &amp; more. Rate, review &amp; subscribe on  or here:   
Yeah. If the argument is we shouldn't call it "left-wing cancel culture," that's fine with me. Right-wingers who claim their side doesn't do that are either ignorant or lying.
This week's all-new episode of Sacred Symbols+ is about Cancel Culture, GamerGate, and the increasingly destructive (and self-destructive) video game industry.  Let's candidly talk about all that's gone wrong, how, and why.      
now my take is that “cancel culture” isn’t really a thing and that public space and acceptable discourse has always been highly contested and that the important dynamics have to do with who has power and who owns capital
the funny thing about the “left wing cancel culture run amok” discourse is that it exists in this strange time vacuum where people didn’t lose jobs and platforms for being insufficiently pro-war from 2002 to 2004
  It's not worth arguing.  Remember, he's a troll.  And this is what trolls do.  You'll never change his mind because that's not what he's after.  He's part of a cancel culture mentality and just wants to be angry at something... "just because."
Saying cancel culture isn’t a thing because people rich &amp; famous enough to weather the storm can survive it ignore the real life people who can’t.
Saying “cancel culture isn’t a thing” just means you’re part of the in-group going around ruining people’s lives for wrong-think and either don’t have to worry about it or don’t know anyone who had their life destroyed by an online mob.
People saying cancel culture isn’t a thing don’t know anyone who has been canceled.
 Thank you! We are fully aware that this has been a "cancel culture" campaign against us. It's been very obvious to us and many of the people we work with see it as well who have also sent us their message of support. We really do appreciate it!  Time to get back to the parks! 😍
 gotta do it be before “cancel culture” get me lmaooooo
    I object to hypocrisy above most things, so my main point is that the same people yelling about cancel culture right now are still trying to… cancel people.
   My point was that my lifetime has seen a whole lot of cancel culture from the Right, not “cancel culture huzzah”
  Yeah, that’s the MO for cancel culture. “hey, we’re just ACCIDENTALLY stumbled on this and just want to let everyone know it’s out there. Just asking questions. [insert shrug emoji]"
 ‘Cancel culture’ aka the free market
Listening to  latest podcast episode, and I like how she explained that cancel culture is about betrayal, which is why some irrelevant people get away with really problematic behavior but bigger stars who we love and admire are held to higher standards
Breitbart: Cancel culture is bad, thank god for Dave Chappelle.  Also Breitbart: Fire this guy for his bad opinions  (H/t )   
Morning Shots: The unbearable lightness of Sohrab Ahmari, Trump and the death of parody, trading schools for a "wall",  Thom Tillis learns the price of Trumpism, Schultz bows out, and our evolving cancel culture ...   
Last month, cancel culture came for SoulCycle. One month later, we have data that shows the hullabaloo was more than just Twitter chatter.   
 there is A LOT of great commentary on this on tumblr if you do write this essay, both on cancel culture and the fandom version of "purity culture," which...isn't terribly far from the Christian term "purity culture" I suppose lol.
can we get this cancel culture thing I’ve been hearing about on the case here
  Well, true.  But it doesn't mean the wave of hysteria doesn't happen. This West thing isn't a great example, but I think the downside of cancel culture is the effect it has on the discourse
“William Lacey claims he was asked to remove his shirt or leave the Senate by security.   Security allegedly did this due to the potentially offensive content the shirt depicted. This content was ‘I heart oil &amp; gas.’”      #Cdnpoli #CancelCulture
is this what they mean by 'cancel culture'?
But sure, cancel culture or something.
   Its popular in cancel culture and though you framed it obliquely the logic of your own argument supports that idea indeed its an accurate estimator of measure.
I bet people would be less pee-pantsed about “cancel culture” if we called it by its original name, “the free market.”
Working on that part of cancel culture
 Ah, Dylan Matthews. LOL. See the thing is, I actually agree with his statement that it's important to have societal norms against explicit bigotry. But he doesn't seem to realize that 95%+ of what is targeted by "cancel culture" has nothing to do with explicit bigotry.
 You seem to be confused about what cancel culture is supposed to be. Conservatives think it destroys careers; her career is better than fine. You seem to think it means any minor consequence.  But you're just a troll I forgot to block earlier, so time to remedy that now.
If you guys are serious about cancel culture, you know who goes next
 This is stan or cancel culture.
Cancel culture came for SoulCycle.   Thanks to Trump fundraiser boycotts, SoulCycle attendance is down.   
Excellent piece. Although Olson's speedy and complete exoneration is also a breach in "cancel culture," no?
Good for  for calling-out the "cancel culture" who locate, label, &amp; lash-out at those with different perspectives/beliefs, then turn their life into a living Hell.  It's insane, intolerant and dangerous behavior.
An interesting thing about "cancel culture": almost every WhatsApp and Signal group I am part of manages to find a happy medium between upholding moral principles and treating people with kindness and nuance.  It's almost as if the affordances of Twitter might be playing a role.
.  just announced that she's retiring. Is this cancel culture's end goal?     
Cancel Culture Will Never Die. It Will Only Evolve.    via  by 
Cancel Culture Will Never Die. It Will Only Evolve.   
. decries the Left’s ‘cancel culture’ during lunch with  ⬇️   “Have your issues fought out at the ballot box but don’t shame people because they disagree with your beliefs.”   
"There is no single answer to cancel culture, but here’s at least one thing that employers, schools, and government agencies should do: stop canceling. Push back when appropriate, let the controversy blow over, and move on with your life."   
It’s great Leif Olson got his job back. But the whole saga illustrates how cancel culture has evolved … for the worse.   
---&gt; Cancel Culture Will Never Die. It Will Only Evolve.    via 
The “Cancel Culture” is self-defeating. I mean, if I’ve been “Cancelled” more than 4 times, doesn’t logic dictate that I was never “Cancelled” at all? I mean, why keep letting me know that I’m “Cancelled”, if you “Cancelled” me 4 times ago? Please look up the word “indifference.”   
I think cancel culture is going a bit far this morning with Dakota Fanning. the film is based on a novel. The character in the novel is also a white Ethiopian woman.
Keep your fuckin cancel culture if it has no room for empathy and rooted in hate.
y'all tryna get Kevin Hart outta here even thru tragedy lol i want nothing to do with cancel culture.
I think "cancel culture" is a misnomer, as it ascribes what I see as the incorrect problem to "excessive cancelling/callouts as the image of social justice"  it is aspects of capitalist socialization not addressed by simply calling oneself a leftist
Grab your coffee and kick back with #HotTopics because  is LIVE! Coming up: - Did Trump alter hurricane map? - Williamson deletes hurricane tweet - Dave Chappelle addresses "cancel culture" - and more   
 Yes, exactly. As many of us have repeatedly pointed out, "cancel culture" mostly hurts the marginalized. Attempts to cancel the privileged bounce off or get deflected elsewhere. *She* is still an A-list actress getting million-dollar roles. If it worked, she wouldn't be.
We didn’t have cancel culture in my day. We had “being sent to Coventry”. Which was the same thing except, at least for me in Belfast, I didn’t know where Coventry was.
I loved what  had to say, thought it was authentic and genuine. Real people love things that critics don't, they always have and always will. Cancel culture is real. Comedy is in danger. Wish we had the opportunity to have this conversation on more networks.
If “cancel culture” is really a thing then explain Scarlett Johansson...?
The cancel culture loses one. Good. We need more of this. #PoliticalCorrectness   
I can’t tell if this is educational determinism or essentialism, but I’m sure it’s classist and racist and it should be disqualifying of Ravitch and Sahlberg.  I’ve never seen a better justification for cancel culture in academia.   
Wish I had the sort of manipulative narrative-shifting skills to contextualize my financial struggles and career instability on the spectre of "cancel culture" and leverage that into renewed audience interest and investment in my brand.  I probably am cancelled for something tbh.
Thank you for this post because some people have not seen Dave Chappell’s “#SticksAndStones” that challenges  #CancelCulture
 I feel like I was criticizing the backlash to cancel culture though? I dunno it's possible my arguments were unclear or even just bad
I defended Contrapoints against the cancel culture crowd. Their response? To cancel her further. These people are entirely unreasonable.   
This isn’t an indictment about “cancel culture,” either. I don’t care about that.  But when you’re done canceling someone, if nothing has changed, what have you actually accomplished?
Check out critic ratings vs. fan ratings for AOC’s election documentary &amp; Dave Chappelle’s most recent comedy special. It’s Twitter’s funhouse mirror of absurdity on full display. The woke/cancel culture is totally made up by a handful of critics and far left wingers.   
Aiight we can bring Cancel Culture for one more round, for this, then I’m done
Has it occurred to anyone that perpetual complaining about "cancel culture" is itself a way of discouraging and silencing discourse
People who hated her yesterday will become her biggest advocates today if they see an opening to gin up outrage about ~cancel culture~
cancel culture 🤣🤣🤣🤣
 There are legit issues with cancel culture worth discussing. But Clay likes to pretend it was just invented, when it’s been around for years just going by a different name.
I get frustrated by the terms  “cancelled” and “cancel culture” so I made a glossary to help expand my vocabulary. Subscribe at      
 Yeah I meant the broader conception of PC, outrage culture, cancel culture, whatever you wanna call it. I don't think very many people are arguing that should be able to scream slurs at others
 This is about cancel culture.
In just 20 years since #ShakespeareInLove, the #CancelCulture is slowly erasing over 400 years of literature gold. Enjoy it while you can    
The cancel culture brigade just came for Contrapoints for holding "transphobic" opinions about "non-binary" (they/them) people. She deleted her Twitter account following outrage over these tweets.   
RNC Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel Criticizes The Left’s ‘Cancel Culture’: ‘A Frightening Path For Our Country’   
real cancel culture is being happy when stuff you agreed to do is cancelled and you get to stay home
This is hilarious:  puts folks on air - who haven’t seen Chappelle’s show, to discuss its controversy 🤣😂 “I haven’t seen it”... “a lot of my friends say it’s incredibly offensive”... 🤦🏻‍♂️ Well he hits hypocrisy of Cancel Culture HARD... something you enabled 2 years ago   
   McDaniel also spoke more broadly about cancel culture and public shaming of political opponents, calling it "extreme" and warning that it could have long-term consequences.
 ?!?! What happened was a result of mental illness &amp; had nothing to do with cancel culture.
RNC Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel Criticizes The Left’s ‘Cancel Culture’: ‘A Frightening Path For Our Country’    via 
What the Left’s freak-out over Dave Chappelle says about free speech and the ‘cancel culture.' The NEW #IngrahamPodcast is out, with  and . Listen and subscribe!    
Man, I *wish* "cancel culture" worked like all the conservatives say.
Remember the names of everyone who claims cancel culture doesn’t exist or that it’s “good” to never give the accused any benefit of the doubt because hashtag believe all victims.   When they get accused of sexual harassment or rape just run with it. They deserve nothing less.
NEW #TheOne with  podcast. As seen on FOX's "The Greg Gutfeld Show"    &amp;  weigh in on the most and least-friendly states in the U.S. and Greg takes on "cancel culture." Listen now!   
 I shouldn’t have to explain to someone being paid to give a presentation how “cancel culture” had nothing to do with a person who dealt with acute mental illness.
Here is iron-clad proof that outrage/cancel culture is completely driven by a tiny group of Left-wing “critics” who are paid to be professionally outraged. They do not represent us. The rest of the country does not give a s*it about your hurt feelings because someone made a joke:   
Also my opening joke is "do u recognize me ? I've been on every canceled show that's ever been on TV" They said I was ahead of my time. The cancel culture is my jam.
is this due to that 'cancel culture' i've been hearing sooo much about?
I'm not big fan on cancel culture as a general rule, but between defending Woody Allen (?!?) and getting angry about not being able to play a trans person in a movie, I might make an exception for ScarJo.
   Yes they absolutely bullied him... and it canceled his life cause they pushed him to hard. But you are zooming out so broadly, your missing the point. Those bullies were assholes. Cancel culture is an important psychological distinction - where people think they are doing GOOD.
Ben Penn’s smear of Leif Olson is the latest example of how cancel culture is hollowing out civic life and undermining the media’s credibility.   
Cancel culture writ large. The Left is playing a very, very long game here motivated by deeply held cultural, social, political beliefs. And the right is not equally devious and single-minded.
"Tasteless" digs into today's #outrage &amp; #cancelculture (see critics of 's new  special).       talk #TrulyTastelessJokes &amp; today's social climate #Chappelle      
"Internet cancel culture is creeping into our journalism and our news media," - on the  this a.m.   
NEW VIDEO! 'Cancel Culture' and What People Aren't Talking About    via 
I really want cancel culture to get behind this one. lol
   Huh? No... Bullying is Bullying... assholes have been doing it for years. Cancel Culture is a group canceling someone who they think doesn’t belong in their society. There is a huge distinction. In fact, thank you for this. Time to make a video 👍🏼
Y'all don't even get amped about the actual threats to civil liberties that's why I'm so annoyed LOL I'm openly ridiculing anyone who complains about cancel culture &amp; isn't actually doing anything to challenge oppression.
LMAO again, people deciding they don't want to be consumers of your product whether it's music, comedy or potato chips is not censorship. Stop whining about PC &amp; cancel culture. Y'all only call it PC when the folks complaining are from marginalized groups.
So  and I didn't *just* talk about about passengers bringing miniature horses on flights, but we didn't NOT talk about it, either... (We also got into 'cancel culture'--&amp; a lot more. Listen to the whole thing here      
Mickey and I have a lot to say about that Dave Chappelle Netflix special that seems to have the "Cancel Culture” crowd tearing their hair out. #TJAMS       
Cancel culture vs a society that is on dire need of healing... 😔
How dangerous is the "cancel culture" to freedom of speech? We want to hear your thoughts on today's NEW podcast. Email your name and number to ingraham.podcast.com
 Cancel culture didn’t really have much to do with what happened.
 Uum... I would delete this post if I were you. Cancel culture didn't cause Etika's death; mental health did. I'm all for spreading the right message about content creators, but I think Etika and everybody else on the Internet would appreciate it more if you did it correctly.
Spring Issue on the shelves! This month  reports on Israel Folau and the threat Cancel Culture poses to employee rights, we do a "narco-tour" of Colombia, get down with Aussie DJ FISHER, and learn how one man conned the mafia and lived to tell the tale.   
trying to cancel cancel culture is also cancel culture
Cancel Culture mocking this ⤵️
I'm surprised that no one pointed this out about Chappelle's special:  1. He took a hard, firm stance against Cancel Culture. 2. He told people where he lives (which isn't common for famous people). 3. He told us, in excruciating detail, that he has a gun and knows how to use it.
Here’s One Way to Stop Cancel Culture — Stop Canceling    via    
It was never about cancel culture. How dare you use Erika’s death for your bullshit agenda. This is vile. Shame on you, .
 Or like the Smash girl with the racist screenshots!  Tons of ppl going "omg I'm so angry at her" = outrage culture  The ppl going "unfollow her, I'm glad her account is gone, dont ever talk to her" = cancel culture  It's problematic to associate accountability with vindication.
 dude, there's something to be said about cancel culture, but this is absolutely the fuck not it and I doubt you'll actually get what's legitimately harmful and instead resort to "my friends are all called bad people."
 The only times I ever see this actually do anything is women/PoC getting bullied for being in a show/movie and angry nerds not liking their character  Which is NOT what people who complain about "cancel culture" are worried about
 I believe cancel culture is supposed to refer to the vindictive part of outrage culture that would like to see lives destroyed over the point of outrage more so than the point of outrage itself.
I'm really tired of seeing the phrase cancel culture  Cᴀɴᴄᴇʟ ᴄᴜʟᴛᴜʀᴇ ʙᴀʀᴇʟʏ ᴇxɪsᴛs  Outrage culture, sure, but cancelling someone is different than being mad at them  Holding someone accountable for their actions isn't cancelling
Here's another way to stop cancel culture.  Keep up the pressure on /...and their laughable hack of a #FakeNews reporter .   We need to remove the incentive hacks like Ben Penn have to lie about others with the goal of getting them fired.
Here’s One Way to Stop Cancel Culture — Stop Canceling   
  Vox explained that they support cancel culture and that this damages it completely.
 Be careful Mat... during our time at DEFY together, I admired your hustle. Your ability to read trends &amp; our channel analytics to grow GT/FT. But don’t blur “Cancel Culture”. Etika wasn’t Canceled. He was bullied over his mental health. I was canceled. Happy to talk anytime✌🏻
 I uh...am saddened this was presented to people and he was used to discuss something that didn't correlate with cancel culture. Really sad 😥
This cancel culture of silencing celebrities just because we disagree with them must end.   Do we have to support #DaveChappelle’s words? No.   But should we firmly defend his right to say them? 's  says absolutely. #ampFW   
America loves Dave Chappelle’s new comedy special. The critics hate it. This mirrors the divide between the supporters of cancel culture — a small minority highly active on social media — &amp; the real world majority, which abhors cancel culture.   
Tonight on Examining Politics ⁦⁩ talks to ⁦⁩ about “cancel culture” and real life outside of Twitter.       
Cancel culture is juvenile and needs to stop! We should give people a chance to show they have learned from their mistakes (unless it’s something so terrible they can’t come back from) We as a community need to lead by example and stop with negativity!
. inspires fans in latest video addressing 'cancel culture' ❤️   
A super helpful and I'd bet hard to write perspective.   Hopefully people can understand - that "cancel culture"? It doesn't exist in the sense, no one is canceling out of the blue because of a simple tweet. Things, lives, are more complicated and messy than that. It all sucks.
  Actually from what I was told they said a derogatory word for trans at a show. Trans women at the show came to them and told them it was offensive. They said they learned that using that word wasn’t ok and moved on. Cancel culture is juvenile.
YouTuber apology videos, a genre built by teary-eyed influencers spilling their guts to salvage their brands, now look a lot like calls to cancel "cancel culture"      
Cancel culture should be reserved for rape, sexual assault, and murder. Bad jokes and other perceived infractions should get people suspended at the most.
people mad about cancel culture but also want to cancel walmart for not selling ammo but also think private businesses shouldn't have to serve gay people bc personal beliefs   
Examining Politics: Salena Zito on the ‘Cancel Culture,” Fairfax Sup Pat Herrity &amp; author Jeff Abraham   
 Cancel culture would dictate 'fuck that guy, he's done. That's it'   But there's overwhelming evidence to support a genuine, long term attempt at rehab, change and now dedicating his life to help others in the situation he was in.   I find it hard to simply ignore those efforts.
 I saw Sam Harris discuss this topic (somewhat).  Society seemingly allows for criminals to 'do their time' and show change/remorse via rehab, sentencing and efforts to change.   Crimes of a 'moral' nature where cancel culture &amp; judgement of peers becomes much trickier...
Can you imagine typing the words “I believe in cancel culture.” How insufferable this Vox writer must be.
Latest from me at : Anti-Semitism "fake news" at Bloomberg shows dangers of #CancelCulture     
Here’s One Way to Stop Cancel Culture — Stop Canceling    via    
 This is bullshit how can you call it cancel culture if you can't even cancel on command
  typical cancel culture
Vox piece "defending"  is... interesting. Includes these lines: "I have no interest in spurring more abuse toward Penn, who appears to have made an honest mistake." "I think it’s important to defend Olson because I believe in cancel culture." 👀   
On today's pod, I talk w/  about emotional support horses on commercial planes, Dave Chapelle’s Netflix special, cancel culture's newest trend (tattling to the boss!), the campaign aimed at embarrassing Trump’s journalist enemies, and more!   
Fighting cancel culture requires a two-front fight:  1. Against dishonest, unfair attacks from media/others.  2. Against employers/institutions that don't stand by their people. Stop. Canceling.   
Manny MUA's apology video is actually a calling to cancel 'cancel culture'      
Kunnen we Italië cancellen of hoe werkt die cancel culture?
"This cancel culture of silencing celebrities just because we disagree with them must end. Do we have to support Dave Chappelle’s words? No. But should we firmly defend his right to say them? Absolutely." -    -  
This cancel culture of silencing celebrities just because we disagree with them must end.   Do we have to support Dave Chappelle’s words? No.   But should we firmly defend his right to say them? Absolutely.   
Some have questioned how I can write for them when I called them out previously, for misjudged and misguided behaviour. It’s simple: I do not agree with ‘cancel culture’.
Exactly. It's mystifying. Stand by your man.  Cancel culture requires two to tango - the people calling for cancellation and the people canceling. If Olson stepped aside for purely personal reasons, that's one thing. If the DOL tossed him overboard on this basis, that's dreadful.
 There you go again w your "cancel culture" /s
 I know myself, and I know my industry. Nobody gets "canceled" unless they do a crime, and there's even shots at redemption after that. "Cancel culture" is a lot of normie motherfuckers pretending to be persecuted for their tastes when really they're the majority demographic...
#CancelCulture is a product of fear &amp; incites more fear—it fosters division by killing dialogue &amp; critical thinking.  Lean into your faith instead of giving into your fears.
this is a must read from  in . Cancel culture has always been vile, but it's getting increasingly stupid, too.   
“Dave Chappelle’s special on Netflix is an important watch because we’ve allowed a tiny subset of the American population to drive social media to focus on cancel culture. Reasonable people on social media need to cancel the cancel culturers. These people are losers.”—   
 This is basically what “cancel culture” is premised on. The notion that any remark from someone’s past, no matter how long ago, even if they later addressed it, has heavy bearing on their present and future stature
Manny opened up about the toxicity of cancel culture in a new video, referring to dramageddon 1. I wrote about why the beauty community on YouTube is one of the most dramatic and turbulent places on the internet after dramageddon 2 happened here:   
Cancel Culture #ThingsWeShouldCancel
Why is Twitter even promoting this?  Cancel culture is just bad. What happens when people lie or do things out of spite? I know since people have tried to incite hatred towards me. Twitter needs to be better.  Let’s stop the mob mentality.   
Dave Chappelles new special is fucking great he’s single handedly killing these “cancel culture” cunts off I can’t say I don’t love it
“Our culture hasn’t shifted towards silencing people, because marginalised people have always been silenced. The shift is that they now have a voice, and parts of society are finally listening.” ⁦⁩ on the myth of cancel culture    
#ThingsWeShouldCancel - Cancel Culture      
Also, they agreed that cancel culture is BAD.
Cancel culture is wack only because people need to be allowed room to grow as well as be educated..
#ThingsWeShouldCancel Cancel culture
   i mentioned that i thought the video was good. Like i said, i don’t know all of the details. i shared a few thoughts on cancel culture and people getting help. For what it’s worth, i’m in Florida dealing with a hurricane.
#ThingsWeShouldCancel Cancel culture. We should cancel cancel culture. People should be allowed to like what they like and express their opinions without fear of social retribution that involves the loss of jobs and livelihoods.
Cancel culture is what we should cancel. Humans are extraordinary &amp; complex. Great ones are flawed. Humans aren’t diamonds where the less flawed you are, the more worth you have. The wisest sometimes have the deepest scars to teach us how to avoid them. #ThingsWeShouldCancel
Dave Chappelle's new Netflix special and the myth of cancel culture   
#ThingsWeShouldCancel  This whole “cancel culture” thing has gotten way out of hand. Canceling is lame, immature and suggests throwing people away fixes problems. It doesn’t .   That being said: Neera Tanden.
First it was whining about "callouts", now it's all about "cancel culture", and basically people are always going to keep finding new words for how they just hate any kind of accountability
Publishers need to learn to cache social media posts in stories, otherwise the meat of the story vanishes when cancel culture brings the brigades and the tweets get deleted, leaving holes in the story 🕳    
Just played guest in an ep of the  podcast with hosts Sweety &amp; Pappu! They’re A+ hosts &amp; all three of us were nervous, but had a fun convo abt cancel culture, female friendships, &amp; a bunch of things I went on about for longer than I should’ve. Episode out tmrw I think!
When I google “cancel culture” the “call out culture” Wikipedia entry pops up. I also want to know who decided that cancel culture and call out culture are the same/similar?  Who are we letting define these words that are used to shame and dismiss the least powerful?
This is such an important conversation on the dangers of cancel culture.   Holding people accountable for their actions IS valuable and necessary. Dragging, canceling and mob mentality ISN’T.
 Agreed. It was fantastic. I think there’s a brewing rebellion in creative industries against the entire idea of cancel culture. This felt like an important step in that direction.
i find it fascinating that people are arguing over "cancel culture" when there's no set definition and people don't even seem to know where it comes from.  not having a set definition is a great way to ensure no one wins any argument since people have their own truth in mind.
Does anyone know where the term “cancel culture” even comes from?   Who coined it? Who gets to define it?   Or is it intentionally ambiguous so people can wield it against people whenever they want?
 OMG so now it was a suicide attempt? You keep reaching and I have no idea why.  You coulda said "I’m hoping Hart recovers from this disastrous car accident. Having faith that he can fight through his major injuries" without finding a way to highkey blame "cancel culture" for it.
 Because social media bullies and proponents of cancel culture are afraid that this car crash will make the public realize what they have done to a man who is now seriously injured and is a human being, not a monster.
I'll take cancel culture for $500 Alex.  The answer: One billion dollars.  What is the net worth required to drag Beyoncé and Jay-Z?   
 bruh wtf. Cancel culture and "how we treat people" has absolutely nothing to do with this sad car wreck. Why would you even mention it.
 That totally makes sense... however that is no longer what cancel culture is, it has turned into a toxic breeding ground FILLED with bullying, if you don’t wanna support someone... absolutely I get that, but bullying them into extinction? Absolutely not
cancel culture is cancelled
Kevin Hart has really suffered so much. I’m hoping he recovers from this disastrous car accident. He’s a human being who stood up to cancel culture and survived. Having faith that he can fight through his major injuries and survive this as well. We have to treat people better.
 well since you mentioned me  I think "recoverable person" is a weird way to categorize ppl. ppl are still humans, not scripted npcs.  my critique of cancel culture is that if everyone is honest w/ themselves, eventually everyone will become canceled.
People have no spine. They couldn't even keep him out a full game lmaoooo I'm laughing so I don't cry.  Cancel culture doesn't exist. And "mere accusations always ruins lives" is false.
I think if we all keep tweeting about it every day for the rest of time, we can eventually figure out if “cancel culture” is good or not
If you disagree with a stranger's opinion you are engaging in "cancel culture," which means you are so cancelled.
 The shit of it is they’re all screaming about evil feminist twitter mobs and cancel culture and how metoo is a conspiracy against men...but this is Quinn, the OG victim of a Twitter mob, the very mob which can’t wait to try to destroy her again for...talking about being abused
Define irony: rallying a Twitter mob to harass a woman off of Twitter (again) and cancel her because you’re so angry about Twitter mobs and cancel culture
Let your favs get checked, folks.   It's really not that hard.  It's not "Cancel culture" or whatever fake thing people come up with.
REMINDER: Holding people accountable for the toxic bullshit they do isn't "cancel culture," people.
Preview: Dave Chappelle Skewers Cancel Culture &amp; Jussie Smollett In Netflix Comedy Special "Sticks &amp; Stones"    
 Not sure a 280-char response (even in multi-parts) will suffice. IMO the "cancel culture" phenomenon consists of two major aspects:  (1) emotion/rage and (2) only-partly knowledge-based judgements/comments. This is a dangerous combination 4 a world seeking understandng &amp; justice.
 Oh this is even better.  Panel was about lefties being 1960s repubs, mischaracterising jokes, to weaponize them in cancel culture.  This bitch didnt even quote my joke right, and you all jumped on the screech train.  Thank you for proving us right. Amazing.
Because they DO very much identify with and support abusers. That much is clear. "Stop cancel culture" – is yet another shoddy veil over their sexism and bigotry. The really just want women (everyone) to stop speaking up about sexual assault.
Cancel culture is just dodgeball for celebrities.
   Not about cancelling. Cancel culture isn’t even real + we can’t cancel a billionaire.   Again, we can like Jay as an artist and question his intentions cuz they haven’t been looking great as of recent.
The world needed another thinkpiece about What  Means in the Age of Cancel Culture, so I went to his concert Saturday at  and wrote one:   
Review: At Chris Brown’s concert in Tampa, a reflection on his place in cancel culture   
No, I'm going to become a big enough voice to effectively end Cancel Culture in comics.  Frankly, I already fucking am. 🐸🌈🤷‍♂️
Why did the DJ put on an R Kelly song and everybody stopped dancing .. #CancelCulture
Before any Georgia Southern  fans start comin for me on Twitter. I apologize for saying they didn’t have a chance this weekend . I don’t want to get in trouble for sharing my opinion..... On Twitter #CancelCulture
Over, like, the last 2 weeks we've had productive discussions surrounding cancel culture. Yet here we are. Cancelling. 😂
Cancel culture and trial by Twitter destroys lives.
The bins in Bethnal Green celebrate cancel culture   
Best cancel culture.
AD On Cancel Culture, Picking Between Kobe &amp; Shaq And Naming His Top 5 West Coast Artists.  WATCH NOW:   
📣 New Podcast! "Brooke, Aida, and Brett debate "cancel culture" in the world of comedy." on    
Powerful people have the luxuries of lawyers, NDAs, CEO friends, etc. Where they canceled people behind closed doors.  Funny how no one was denouncing a cancel culture then.
Cancel culture exists only in the sense of powerful abusive people using intimidation, money, and whisper networks to push out and silence victims.
A lot of folks problem with “cancel culture” is they do t want to admit the need the love warmth and care from people. Especially people they’ve been socialized to disregard or treat poorly and they aren’t emotionally aware to say it
 But what is your point about #cancelculture?
I loathe cancel culture and have never ever been so presumptuous or arrogant as to demand professional executions. On occasion, I have defended NYT Opinion, at least to say Twitter has wildly overreacted to an innocuous essay, yet again. That said...  That dude should be fired.
 All this cancel culture and we can’t get rid of IPAs?
Cancel culture might be the worst shit to ever happen to entertainment.
 I am not arguing these things, I providing the explanation you asked for, as the topic is #CancelCulture
The Conservatarians: Chappelle Cancels Cancel Culture (#156)   
  Dude. Vic is fine. He is one of the snobbiest entertainment professionals I've ever met. We can all agree that cancel culture is toxic, but Vic doesn't need your sympathy and you're setting a precedent to let manipulative people get away with shady behavior
Perpetuating cancel culture is a big part of the business models of many of the same websites now attacking Chappelle ... keep that in mind when you read the “critics”
  Interesting read. I don’t know that I’ve seen an abundance of far right people propping Dave up on a pedestal as a spokesman for their views. But there are some people who don’t rock with the GOP but still think a lot of the country has become whiny AF aka “cancel culture”. 🙄
You say cancel culture, I say elenchus culture, let's call the whole thing off.
Hi there’s actually no such thing as “cancel culture” that’s just another dumb catchphrase professional grievance merchants use to stir up their marks and sell brain pills or patriotic “athleisure” wear or whatever okay thanks good talk bye bye now bye
  I'm talking about the belief that cancel culture has ruined comedy. It hasn't. People act like you have to punch down and be controversial to be funny when there are plenty of comics proving that false
Political commentator  joins  &amp; me on    to talk about a professor who says even if you're not racist, you're probably biased &amp; what's up with the 'cancel culture'? Surely you guys have thoughts! Give us a call 1-800-222-5222
 He missed me with that one. Imagine a gay white comic using that logic to say the N-word, same people on here complaining about cancel culture would try to cancel him 😂
ICYMI on Connections: Discussing comedy, cancel culture, and if there are subjects we shouldn't joke about      
 Pretty hilarious to see all the people who are "anti-canel culture" are behaving just like the people in cancel culture lol
People act like he’s solved the Da Vinci code lol. Cancel culture hasn’t had any tangible impact on comedy. Don’t let him fool y’all
(btw to be clear I loved friends and I meant to point out how cancel culture has gone so crazy we’re canceling shows that haven’t been on tv for 15 years)
someone tell me again how cancel culture is so bad &amp; that we are destroying men's lives   
  Well, the UK government infamous for persecuting joke tellers. Our free speech problem swayed to “cancel culture”, yours lands people in jail.
I warned you they would come for Friends next, but you didn’t listen! I am truly the Cassandra of cancel culture   
  The only people whose careers have actually been altered by "cancel culture" were because of shit they did that had nothing to do with their actual material (e.g. Richards, CK, and Kevin Hart). It's just a bunch of comedians whining
Totally reversing my opinion of “cancel culture” to cancel this writer
Who wants to join my ‘Cancel Cancel Culture Cult’ Yah?
Today on Connections:  12:00: Discussing comedy, cancel culture, and if there are subjects we shouldn't joke about  1:00: Christopher Albrecht on steps for improving the Rochester City School District       
 I have a whole thread about how I don’t necessarily agree with cancel culture like several tweets down, guy
Lolol “cancel culture” tho
Andrew Schulz thinking he paved the way for Dave Chapelle to confront cancel culture is truly INSANE.
There goes cancel culture ruining lives again!
 Crying “cancel culture” has become the new get out of jail free card. Sometimes we need to move on from folks for good. That’s why I have no comment on the raggedy, transphobic comedian (one of many) everyone is talking about. Im not giving that dust mite my money or my mentions.
Wow #HuggingTheCactus is almost 90% Funded! This will allow us tell more stories about the dangers of Cancel Culture! The kickstarter ends THIS Saturday 11:59PM EST if we don’t make it, we get NOTHING! So Please help spread the word    We need sponsors! 🌵♥️   
No one is safe from Cancel Culture. Did you know that 51% of 18-34 year-olds have cancelled a friend or family member? Sometimes, you block who you gotta block. 🚫   
I’ve not been in favor of cancel culture until now CANCEL THIS WOMAN THIS IS BLASPHEMY   
No great story EVER began with...  “So I was in my safe space and...”  #CancelCulture #SafeSpace #Comedy
      Typical cancel culture snowflake imo
Dave Chappelle’s Netflix special targets Michael Jackson’s accusers, #MeToo feminists, and cancel culture   
“Cancel culture” is cancelation without dialogue. It’s not cancel culture if those you’ve harmed invite you to the table for discussion and you decline. That’s not “cancel culture,” but an  avoidance of accountability. And for that; you deserve everything coming to you—plus tax.
Man that cancel culture celebrity hunting season's just droppin' EVERYBODY, huh?
  Better and with a more researched and clever approach. Not the blunt force of “lol look at me I’m pooping on stage are you offended yet, jokes on you lol”. It doesn’t do fuck all to help the cancel culture situation. If you have a platform, do good.
 I agree with ALL of this. Some jokes in there were masterfully crafted but the whole thing felt juvenile and from an antiquated age of comedy. Dissecting cancel culture is not a bad thing, but sounding like a teenager trying to piss off their step-dad is not a great way to do it.
I think cancel culture has also gotten a lot worse since the election of Trump.
My weary take on cancel culture is that so far, the only people I’ve observed get “cancelled” and it actually result in material, social, professional, and public perception consequences are...(usually) black women.
 I literally didn’t complain about cancel culture
Dave Chappelle’s new Netflix special proves he’s too obsessed with cancel culture to write good jokes   
Dave Chappelle’s new Netflix special proves he’s too obsessed with cancel culture to write good jokes:   
I wrote about Dave Chappelle's special, in which whining about cancel culture with "edgy" hack jokes is a substitute for having a point of view.   
  I wonder if there's anything interesting to say about scandale de bug. "Loathing cancel culture is the correct default stance but man these memes were fun and what was he thinking going on tv to defend this" doesn't exactly demand the clicks
You know who gets to bitch about cancel culture? Steve Bartman. That’s it.
"Cancel culture" and "outrage culture" are toxic until it's someone YOU wanna cancel, and something YOU'RE outraged about.
People keep saying to me, “if cancel culture was a thing we wouldn’t have Trump.”  We have Trump as a /reaction/ to cancel culture. He’s a symptom of it. He’s just immune to it because he has an audience and doesn’t give a fuck.
Nope, there are zero superheroes that oppress eachother with speech codes, cancel culture, doxing and intersectionalism.  In fact, the best superheroes are Republicans.  (GREEN LANTERN and FLASH, for example.)   So eat a d.🐸🌈🤷‍♂️
Friends, we're developing Season 2 of #OhMyyyPod and I want your input. Which of these topics do you want to see us cover?  1. Hacking of elections, hate groups &amp; hoaxes 2. The rise of cancel culture vs. free speech 3. How the internet helps and hurts social &amp; political movements
Really, though. The fucking nerve of you people bitching about cancel culture when evidence to the contrary is literally putting ketchup on an overdone steak in the bowels of the White House. Shut tf up.
If cancel culture was a real thing, most of you jerks wouldn’t be here
  I'm against cancel culture in general, but to the extent that it exists, I find it curious that the multiple credible allegations of child molestation guy gets a posthumous pass.
Should #DaveChappelle and entertainers have the freedom of speech to say and joke about what they want⁉️ Should we “cancel” cancel culture??🤔 Ot’s 🚨CELEBRITY COURT🚨 on ! (818)520-1059☎️
I tweeted this BEFORE I could share my video/apology &amp; the commenters that attacked me are proof of how scary Cancel Culture has become. I’m grateful for those of you who gave me a 2nd Chance. I hope we can use this, to give others a path to redemption    🌵
It’s time for 🚨CELEBRITY COURT🚨  is taking #DaveChappelle to court after trying to “cancel” the “cancel culture!” Y’all agree with Dave??🤔  [LISTEN LIVE]       #MelissaRios   
This dude  said cancel culture hasn’t cancelled anybody but Sabrina Claudio and I’m screaming 😩😂😂😂😂 I fucks with her music still tho 🤷🏻‍♂️😂😂🤦🏻‍♂️
-So much joke variety. All filled with his own honesty &amp; self-acknowledged flaws &amp; brilliant worldview. He sees what we don't &amp; lets you see it too -I think I've laughed harder at other material of his but this special is so refreshing is a flag in the ground vs cancel culture
In this age of cancel culture, brands should be decidedly apolitical      #PRTips #BrandConsistency   
GOLDSTEIN: Surviving Twitter in the age of rage   #NetRage #CancelCulture       
It’s really not about “cancel culture”.   It’s a lot of folks being mad that they are being held accountable for their isms and oppressive thoughts.   Simply put, you wouldn’t get cancelled if didn’t say/do oppressive ish.   Know better. Do, better.   
Because “cancel culture” and “toxic Twitter” and these internet phenomena are all poorly covered by the same internet culture writers mostly white mostly women that nobody NOBODY in journalism media and tech is checking
Dave Chappelle’s Netflix special targets Michael Jackson’s accusers, #MeToo feminists, and cancel culture   
People now seem to apply the term “cancel culture” not as “attempting to drive someone from public life” but “negative cultural criticism I disagree with”
Dave Chappelle Just Dropped A NUKE On The Woke Left, INSANELY Offensive Comedy Special designed to call out the #CancelCulture ...    via 
“Cancel culture” couldn’t even stop Brett Kavanaugh, a man with the charisma of a frightened opossum. You’re mad at something that barely has power.
PREDICTION - If The Simpsons do an Apu spin-off, it will 100% feature him being attacked on Twitter by an awful parody of the cancel-culture woke-left and having to run away, because the SJWs are the real enemies of people of colour, or something like that   
 Counterpoint: In the face of cancel culture it’s imperative they go out of their way to offend everyone.
I'm not at all endorsing cancel culture and it's dumb to actually get offended by a comedian.
Dave Chappelle took on cancel culture and won   
No dude. The highest paid &amp; most successful comedians are all saying the same things because you have to already be rich to withstand cancel culture. They’re speaking to what actually resonates. Those smaller comedians you admire? They aren’t brave. They’re scared shitless.
In today’s mainstream comedy of liberal partisanship and fear of cancel culture, only the gutless are trustworthy.    via    
 hah!! yeah i forgot about that. Rolling Stone is a traditional industry outlet so i get the consensus, i thought the piece was balanced. but the replys are all casual cancel culture. its gross man i wish that kind of thing would go out of style. writing mean shit helps no one
 Cancel culture personified. Pathetic
I love how  had a whole rant about cancel culture and people not finding out fax before speaking then went on to cancel Paul Mooney after not fact checking loooool
Yo   how come you devoted THREE articles to my takedown, but not a single 1 about my lawsuit, my settlement, my evidence or my new project trying to cancel cancel culture?? You reported ProJared‘s denial 🤨 Can you please update?  Visit      
For whatever misdeeds  may have committed, based on the evidence at-hand, it is inarguable that he was held responsible for things he did not do by an outraged mob, who seemed to hold no interest in discerning the truth. Such is cancel culture.   
 cancel culture has gone too far
Dave Chappelle took on cancel culture and won   
favstar trophy guy analogue is people who trade favors to get claps on medium posts about cancel culture
. joined the  today to discuss President Trump’s whining about Fox News, the MSM’s hypocrisy on outrage/cancel culture &amp; CNN’s decision to hire a man fired from the FBI for...lying to federal investigators:   
Dave: “Cancel culture is so dumb.”  Cancel Culture: “That’s not how we behave! Cancel Dave for saying it!”
 Ironically - they worship the 90s #CancelCulture #RebootCulture   
Manufacturing cancel culture controversy as a way of advertising a thing is just the republican version of that whole "sexist bros don't want you to see the all lady Ghostbusters." This is just how you advertise shit now
What’s funny about cancel culture is that it’s just a hyperbolic turn of phrase to speak on public figures who face consequence for saying something offensive. No one is ever truly cancelled in this media climate so it’s not worth the constant complaining.
For those of you tired of cancel culture, might I humbly suggest our new film Tasteless - streaming on Amazon and Apple TV where we cover the history of comedy and do a deep dive into the boundaries.    
This is ALL spot on. “Cancel Culture” #LEAD   
Dave Chappelle is hilarious.  I mean, I haven't watched his special and don't plan to (I think he CUSSES), but watching the horrible little cancel culture people react with "That's not funny!" is pretty entertaining.
ProJared blames cancel culture for accusations of cheating and soliciting nudes from minors:      
Not that anyone asked, but the ProJared video, regardless of if he is 100% innocent or not, further proves why I detest cancel culture and wish more people were interested in restorative justice practices. The damage is permanent with all parties involved, and that’s a shame.
I’m all for ‘Sticks &amp; Stokes’ becoming Ether to cancel culture. It’s gotten way too out of hand. We need to reset.
"People avoid meaningful conversations when hypervigilant perfectionists point out apparent mistakes, feeding the cannibalistic maw of the cancel culture," writes the activist Loretta Ross.   
Dave Chapelle's stand up was good. It gives an honest look at #CancelCulture and how ridiculous it can be at times.
Isn't it funny how YouTubers responsible for "canceling" ProJared in multiple videos are now making multiple videos condemning "cancel culture" for their own participation in it?   It's all a grift -- they made money from canceling him and now they're making money defending him.
I hate “cancel culture” but it’s not cancel culture’s fault that punching down isn’t funny and never was
Dave Chappelle is a prime example that cancel-culture doesn’t exist, but that’s all he wants to talk about for some reason.
I’m particularly pleased with today’s show.  But brace yourself!  I had a lot to say.  Our first official 2-hour show.  It’s important, I think.  We discuss cancel culture and outrage mobs.  Is the worm turning on them? Come on in! ⬇️🎧   
exhausted by cancel culture and also exhausted by comeback culture basically i’m exhausted
I can’t even 🤯 But we need to applaud  her volunteering  &amp; especially her standing up to progressive bullies. This woman, proves she just wants attention, not actual discourse #MyWayOrTheHighway it’s time to Cancel Cancel Culture      
 the problem is that these days if you say one thing that somebody doesn’t agree with you’re at risk at becoming a target of the “cancel culture” etc.
 The difference is that Bret Stephens is an acceptable target. Your real quarrel with him is that he has criticized cancel culture and the campus safe space movement. But this professor was in no danger. Brett’s error—his cc to the provost—was this professor’s gain.
Charles absolutely nails it. I love Chappelle's stand-up but his recent fixation on edgy bullshit/'cancel culture' is more boring than anything else
In a show where we talk about Chappelle flirting with cancel culture, the ethics of dirty mackin the (adult) child of a friend and the shifting moralities of ppl who make more and more money, somehow  had the most controversial statement: the viewing habits of black ppl
Watch Dave Chappelle eviscerate cancel culture in his new Netflix special    via 
How many great universities and museums still have the Sackler name on their buildings and institutes? What will it take for them to do something? Because, if we’re doing cancel culture now, shouldn’t we cancel the Sackler’s legitimation strategy first?   
  Big fan of yours. I was canceled 2 years by a liar... I sued my former employer, settled, &amp; now am able to drop receipts on my false accuser. I’ve regained some of my fame back &amp; trying to use it for good to Cancel Cancel Culture. Would love your support   
Dolts yelling out ‘Trump’ when Chappelle does an impression of cancel culture warriors. Delicious. 😆    
Opinion: what are your thoughts on cancel culture? Is cancelling effective? Toxic?
Every time someone gets hacked and messages me a “is this really you??” video I’m like “aw fuck. Cancel culture found some clip of me twerking in 7th grade. Goodbye career. See ya house. Farewell family. Ta-ta bank account.”
Dave Chappelle’s “Sticks and Stones” was hilarious. Glad someone is sticking it to the cancel culture and encouraging people to laugh again. 🤘🏼
Dave Chappelle’s latest stand up special is on the surface a blunt response to online cancel culture. Yet, beyond that, it’s a smart well-crafted subversion of calcified  prejudices that many have - or have had.
Its time to truly discuss the effects of Cancel Culture. Please share these stories from good folks who deserve to be heard. Who deserve a path to redemption ❤️  We've hit 75% of our funding goal with only 4 DAYS to finish. RT, Share &amp; Visit     to help 🌵   
Not yet, but I’ve seen the bit where he’s mocked the cancel culture and it’s tremendous.  All the right (and predictable) people are mad about it too, to which I say good; stay mad.
Pete Davidson Calls Out Cancel Culture In New Stand-Up: “Jokes Are Very Scary To Tell”      
 I’m intrigued as to your thoughts, Michael  In the age of “cancel culture”, what do you think is the appropriate response to this? We’re told from childhood the importance of apologizing (especially if it’s accepted by the aggrieved party) but it seldom seems enough these days
 “Cancel culture” is not a working class concern. It’s being portrayed that way, anyhow... But who’s doing it is doing it to drum up support for themselves on average.
Cancel culture vs. troll culture is getting old.
something never felt right about this whole thing. Cancel culture is so messed up.
 Cancel Culture originated with white supremacist. They decide on who's lives they will cancel with impunity. And thats neither "right" or "left" (because there is no such thing as conservative or liberal in a system of white supremacy)
 Cancel culture originated on the Left. Can you just be intellectually honest and admit that? And it’s cancel culture that’s attempting to deprive Dave of his livelihood.
ICYMI: Watch Dave Chappelle eviscerate cancel culture in his new Netflix special    via 
I forgot to add the other group of people who think “cancel culture” is a real problem: stand up comedians who aren’t that funny anymore and their fans who aren’t handling that well.
 This is why I am 1000% pro "cancel culture." Katie Herzog should have been canceled after her TERF rants.
"There are many ironies attendant on the spread of ‘cancel culture.’ One irony is that, despite its origins in the effete eyries of elite culture, the new ethic of conformity exhibits an extraordinary and intolerant provincialism." By     
'Who was right?': Nick Saban's perfect rebuke of cancel culture:   
In Dave Chappelle's new Netflix special he critiques "cancel culture," and says he doesn't believe Michael Jackson's accusers.  Wade Robson and James Safechuck respond:      
#sticksandstones Cancel Culture    -  - #KarenRebels  ch. 126   866-801-TALK    📡📡📡   
Dave Chappelle Slams Michael Jackson Accusers and "Cancel Culture" in Netflix Special   -  - #KarenRebels  ch. 126     
Watch Dave Chappelle Eviscerate Cancel Culture   
NEW VIDEO: Dave Chappelle Major Strike and Win Against SJW Cancel Culture  #DaveChapelle #sticksandstones      
How do I cancel this "cancel" culture? You sound fucking dumb when you say it.
See this is the thing though, the people who act like this in response to the lightest criticism of a comedian I've been watching for two decades are just as soft as the "cancel culture" people they claim to be rallying against. You're mad because I simply shared an opinion
I’ve said this before and I’ll say it again. Pastors, condemn “cancel culture” all you want, but make sure you’re preaching boundaries and healthy relationship practices too  Telling folks to allow any &amp; all people access to them at all times in the name of grace is not Godly.
 lol that's my opinion though. And it's reflected what people in my mentions were saying. Damn near nobody who responded to my tweet actually said what made it funny; they said that it took on cancel culture. That was their argument when I said I didn't like it.
If you asked the public anonymously you would see that the majority of the puplic know the 2 accusers are lying. However our cancel culture and mob mentality will not let people think for themselves. Dave just has the courage to say what everyone is thinking.
 I agree that he should be allowed to atone. Cancel culture is too severe for me. But there's something about the way the story is structured that makes me think there are elisions. As a person who metoo'd someone, believe me, it's a massive pain. Women don't do it over bad sex.
 He has become adept at poking cancel culture with a sharp stick and profiting from the toothless outrage.
The dialogue stays on "cancel culture," an honest to God waste of everyone's time, because people love to feel like they're onto something not everyone can handle. It's not profound. It doesn't speak to the times. Terrestrial radio shock jocks played the same game since the '80s.
 I don't think there's anything deeper to be seen on the special itself, at all. I said "like someone else's followers" because people in my mentions aren't defending it for being funny, but they're defending it because it's going against cancel culture, as if that makes it funny
 I'm sure some folks just find it funny off the strength; but not the folks in my mentions today. Folks in my mentions are almost exclusively saying "but he's taking on cancel culture!," as if that's what makes a routine funny.
 Dave Chappelle is a very smart comedian. His work usu holds up to critical analysis because of how well thought out it is. This one doesn't.  Point is that I think people think it's funny solely because he's combatting cancel culture. I just don't think it's funny on its own
Watch Dave Chappelle Eviscerate Cancel Culture - ⁦⁩    
This is the real life manifestation of every single  fight - all emotion, cancel culture BS, no rational thought.
Dave Chappelle Slams Michael Jackson Accusers and "Cancel Culture" in Netflix Special    via 
What is the word for the person who in trying to cancel “cancel culture” ends up self-cancelling themselves?
I think Chappelle has always represented the idea of fighting cancel culture. His show got protests and complaints back then, too. So to me, fighting cancel culture is a long-standing baseline/philosophy for him, vs. the basis for how funny a new special actually is.
 I get it, Peter. But I think a lot of people are so happy that he's attacking cancel culture that they find the shit funny/satisfying *because* he's attacking cancel culture. There's a difference between that and something being funny on its own merit *despite* it being offensive
yes I'm a big believer in CANCEL culture  Chonks Absolute units Never doubt astrology Corgis Energy crystals (Oh) Lawd He Comin'
 Still going to need the name of the person who has been canceled that keeps making you say you're not a fan of cancel culture
This is how I feel. What is he saying about cancel culture that nobody else has said already? Is this the type of standup that we're missing out on from cancel culture? Because if so...I'm straight. And I'm not a fan of cancel culture myself lol
Oh man, this last joke by David Chappelle is so absolutely real - many on Twitter will laugh without even realizing how much they do it themselves... It’s time to Cancel Cancel Culture    🌵 Click to do your part     
Of course, Art is subjective. But I feel like some of y'all are so excited that Dave's fighting against "political correctness"/"cancel culture" that y'all are gassing him up just bc of that, instead of watching critically. Reminds me of someone else's followers, but I'm sleep
Watch Dave Chappelle eviscerate cancel culture in his new Netflix special    via 
imagine being that person who thinks cancel culture is the biggest problem facing us right now
"I don't expect cancel culture to die off anytime soon, but if it does, it will be because Dave Chappelle shot it to death with the 12-gauge shotgun he was apparently saving for heroin-addicted white people trespassing on his property."   
Dave Chappelle talks about "cancel culture" and "celebrity hunting season" — mentioning addressed Michael Jackson, R. Kelly and Kevin Hart — in new Netflix special   
Watch Dave Chapelle eviscerate cancel culture in his new Netflix special   
The opposite of cancel culture is subscription culture. Subscribe to my blog about different ways to boil water you COWARDS!
And the whole cancel culture thing is so disingenuous. None of those celebrities have their careers ruined. At the most they're out the limelight for a few months/years. But of course it's easy to talk about a violent mob than the idea that words/actions can have consequences.
The day you listen to any opinion about ’s comedy other than ‘he’s a legend of the craft’, is the day you should #CancelCulture yourself out of existence.
 Bruh he was fearless. It was like he stopped caring about the consequences of cancel culture which is dope
Let me clue you kids in on something you might not have put together yet:  Two things, shame and cancel culture, only work if you actually GIVE A SHIT about them.
Dave Chappelle talks cancel culture and more in his new  special #SticksandStones   “Michael Jackson’s been dead for 10 years, and this n***a’s got two new cases.”       
I'm often reminded of what society has become with social media. Like any tool, it can also be misused.... especially with outrage culture.  Dave Chappelle uses comedy to show how cancel culture appears to him.   
Cancel culture is the most annoying crap ever. Just a bunch of hypocrites that have no mirrors in their glass houses...
Dave Chappelle slams Michael Jackson accusers and "cancel culture" in #Netflix special      
Dear cancel culture goofballs, You can't cancel something you weren't subscribed to in the first place.
Jesus, be any kind of televised standup where no one does a riff about triggers and cancel culture.
Dave Chappelle Slams Michael Jackson Accusers and "Cancel Culture" in Netflix Special      
Amazing correlation between comedians railing against cancel culture and comedians being washed.
I definitely recommend Chappelle's new special. Totally worth the watch. It's all about cancel culture. (thanks .)  Bonus: VICE hates it.   
If you think there's a problem with "cancel culture," it's more than likely the case that you just have a friend who was caught saying something racist or being abusive because literally no one has ever been "cancelled." I don't even know what that means.
 I mean we are both talking on the same side about cancel culture but we agree on lots I think.
Precisely this. Cancel culture basically says ‘people never deserve a second chance, or redemption’. It’s lock away and throw the key. Seems a bit medieval and to ignore the human capacity for change and - that most Hamilton of words - forgiveness.
Cancel culture is not just a left wing thing. It’s left and right and mainly stupid.
Cancel culture is a crime against forgiveness. It strips people of the right to change, assuming their past will be their future. Fuck it all
  Nah, dog. You don't get to act like shit-talking us without tagging was some act of kindness. The fact that you said anything for your followers—and in what I believe was bad faith—is the issue.  And now, here's a column on "made up" cancel culture:    
The idea that  is supporting 's reelection is as fake and hard to swallow as its creamy mushroom ravioli. And the #BoycottOliveGarden movement is a sign of what's wrong with today's cancel culture. My latest at    
  I'd love it if either of you could give me one example of someone who was a victim of "cancel culture" and what that meant.
  Cancel culture isn’t made up. I used to participate in it and I’ve been the target of it. Your moralizing and finger wagging is incredibly condescending. If you don’t want to hear Jamie then don’t listen to the episode, it’s that easy.
Dave Chappelle’s new Netflix special is sooo good on cancel culture and wokeness. Soooo good
  I think the characterization is accurate, and I'm sorry that you're personally offended by it, but it was a really poor decision to have Jamie Kilstein on your show to discuss a made up phenomenon like "cancel culture" that only serves to advance reactionary interests.
  While I think it’s silly to matter of factly state that this right wing pantomime of left wing cancel culture is bad faith because it’s right wing (and not just bad faith) ... I also think every #seriousjourno should read this graf   
Is  a racist?   Clearly not, but that hasn’t stopped a woke mob for coming for him over old ‘racist’ tweets. Just more proof cancel culture has gone too far.     
 Nah, just critiquing your decision to bring on a notorious sex creep who multiple women have complained about to lecture the left about cancel culture and how great Glenn Beck is.
Imagine doing a podcast episode about how "cancel culture" is hurting the left and having Jamie Kilstein as your guest. holy shit.
“Joosay Smoyay” 💀😂  Dave Chappelle’s new Netflix special dropped today. And it’s sure to make a lot of people upset, with jokes about Michael Jackson, Anthony Bourdain, Jussie Smollett, school shootings, the opioid crisis, cancel culture, and much more.      
I’ve had various media outlets, including the New York Times, try to crush me. Still, I hope them tasting their own medicine results in less “cancel culture” in the end.
A message to the Mainstream Media and “Cancel” Culture from Nick Saban ⤵️  This. Is. A. Must. Watch.    
"Non-gendered language," "micro-aggressions," "safe spaces" and "cancel culture." These serve as a distraction and hindrance to the systemic change the left says it wants. Progressives need to get their priorities in order.   
A lot of outrage and statements on social media can be obnoxiously performative. So, I was glad to welcome  to  for conversation w/  and me on cancel culture and neoliberal identity politics.   
Cowen reminds us that boycotts are most likely to succeed when directed toward "declining companies with good reputations." I wonder whether these lessons re: boycotts can be applied in any form to broader cancel culture-type stuff––boycotting/canceling people/public figures.
Is It Time To Cancel 'Cancel Culture'?     
#BoycottOliveGarden Trends As Cancel Culture Leads Wins - Newsweek   
Cancel Cancel Culture.
#ShawnMendes' response after some racially insensitive posts from 6-7 years ago resurfaced. 👇  Do you think its fair for people to be #cancelled over comments from their past?  #CapitalFMMorningShow #Intel #cancelculture
#BoycottOliveGarden Trends As Cancel Culture Leads Wins - Newsweek   
Is It Time To Cancel 'Cancel Culture'?     
  It's sad that people may very well ignore this response because of how grossly addicted to cancel culture many people have become, even if it means believing a tweet that had no source backing it up. Next time I go out to dinner, I'm going out of my way to eat at Olive Garden.
I just built a Magic The Gathering blue deck that I have named “Cancel Culture” and I’m feeling prettty pleased with myself
Had a great time chatting with my old friend  and my co-host  about the damaging impacts of cancel culture and neoliberal identity politics on the left. It was fun and cathartic. Listen here:    
"It seems cancel culture has given way to 'apology culture.'"—   
  "So who is the new prey on the radar of the cancel culture predators? Who’s popular enough to be the victim? Who can they hurt enough to feel good about the wrongs they endured in their lives? Who is it? Is it a friend who’s jealous? Or a foe with influence? Who?"
I don't think Colts fans are bad people for having a gut reaction and booing in the moment of uncertainty   just l don't think you guys are bad people for immediately criticizing them because in cancel culture 2019 you wanted to feel good about yourself
 🙂  life is short. purity tests are bullshit. cancel culture is evil. this was an unnecessary waste.
Cancel Cancel Culture.
This whole cancel culture shit is ridiculous. Everyone has said or done something politically incorrect at some point. It's not worth ruining someone's career over. We need to cancel 'Cancel Culture'. Get a life and focus solely on yours. 💋 #cancelcancelculture
  I’m confused. It’s still the.. same clip. She’s still a bully..? Cancel culture is toxic sure, but so is homophobia
  I agree that cancel culture is ridiculous bc everyone deserves a chance to explain themselves and learn from mistakes but we must say when someone says something potentially upsetting. When you know better you do better.
Please read this from Seth Godin and reflect on the cancel culture permeating our society...  ...The shunning   
It’s important to see the full story. Everyone is calling for this woman to be dragged, burned, and fired. Watch the WHOLE clip... did not have any malice in her statement. This mob cancel culture shit is so often misguided and misplaced. Stop.   
Guys. It’s booing. It’s not a big deal. Booing is not a big deal. I know it’s 2019 and it’s cancel culture and we have to act like everything is the worst but jeez man, it’s just a little booing. Who cares
As an organizer, Maurice Mitchell Director of The Working Families Party, doesn’t entertain cancel culture. Instead, he believes “we have to balance our individual desires with our desires for collective progress.” #AFROPUNKSolutionSessions   
What are your thoughts on cancel culture? Join the conversation and tell us your thoughts here 👇🏾#AFROPUNKSolutionSessions
A conversation on rebuilding local communities and how we move from ‘cancel culture’ to holding other accountable, yet protecting and loving on each other with    and Maurice Mitchell! Here at #AFROPUNKSolutionSessions   
Help Cancel Cancel Culture - Andy Signore's  New Project TRAILER | Hugging the Cactus   
no one:  cancel culture twitter:   
   Thanks Ian - Please check out my new project I’m trying to get crowdfunded about canceling cancel culture:   
Help Cancel Cancel Culture - Andy Signore's New Project TRAILER | Hugging The Cactus    
See what you will about cancel culture, but it adds a pleasant air of morality when you’re asked to boycott something you never even liked in the first place.
cancel culture is cancelled
I’ve been an adamant fan of the internet for years, but Cancel Culture is the most horribly toxic thing I’ve seen come about in years. Can we #CancelCancelCulture and just hold people accountable without ruining their lives?
I’m sitting here watching #NewJackCity for the billionth time and it just dawned on me that Nino Brown invented Cancel Culture.....   
I’m very proud of this project, so I put together a TRAILER to show you the potential. We want to help Cancel Cancel Culture #Uncanceled We only have 7 days to reach our goal... I hope this inspires you to share it &amp; join us!    🌵♥️   
instead of cancel culture which will get us nowhere I think this would be a great opportunity for  to use this exposure to have a segment focusing on boys who take ballet to educate &amp; encourage people to open their minds on these amazing boys and their art form #boysdancetoo
Instead of #CancelCulture, it would be a great learning opportunity for  to do a segment on #BoysInBallet with Lara Spencer and George Stephanopoulos.  Every experience makes you grow...   
 My therapist was bewildered when I told her about cancel culture lol 🦄
LAST DAY to VOTE for #SXSW 2020 sessions!  Culture, culture, culture!  People in branding, marketing, and advertising keep talking about culture. But what are we really discussing?  - Pop culture? - Company culture?  - Cancel culture?  Sway may not have had the answers, but I do.
I feel like there is a mysterious, beautiful cancel culture magic here that we should learn to harness. There is a formula here and I will discover it. I will collect all of the Cancellation Stones.
Amazing that the backlash to Sean Spicer being on DWTS resulted in *Karamo* deleting his own Twitter. This is like a TV Guide crossword meets the Butterfly Effect meets cancel culture.   
 Don’t care for cancel culture 😘, l don’t police art or get involved with artistes beyond their work. For criminal or fraudulent activity, l expect the police and justice system to take care of it. If they can’t or won’t, we have a serious problem that cancelling can’t solve.
I felt the need to defend  on this week's #HailtotheSiblings... Because #CancelCulture gets it wrong sometimes.      
Queer communities are prone to call-out and “cancel” culture because of our collective history of trauma and abuse. But  argues that changing how we react to one another is intrinsic to our survival   
This is the 1,647,873 tweet we've seen with a similar sentiment. Twitter is not ready.  Also, cancel culture is toxic.
Listening to 'Cancel Cancel Culture'   
  if you're so upset by Hasan's statements, you should debate him in the marketplace of ideas instead of trying to get him fired or censored. snowflake cancel culture is getting out of control imo
"It seems cancel culture has given way to 'apology culture.'"—   
Posting this for every American stand-up comic who complains about "political correctness" &amp; "cancel culture" stopping them from telling jokes.   
if i don’t go grocery shopping tonight ............... cancel culture do ya thing
 I agree!! He didn’t need to linger on the horoscopes I wish he would have spoken more on cancel culture felt like I couldn’t get a read on it
Culture, culture, culture!  People in branding, marketing, and advertising keep talking about culture. But what are we really discussing?  - Pop culture? - Company culture?  - Cancel culture?  Sway may not have had the answers, but I do. So, please VOTE for this #SXSW session.
Here's the  comments (vid and text) about "illiberal liberalism" and #cancelculture. Is Piers being sensitive himself, or is he right that #race today is only ever addressed with intimidation? Tackling this next Wed  in Syd     
  WHY WONT CANCEL CULTURE DO ITS THING?!! 😩😩😩😩
 oh geez. I don't agree with Swatting either &amp; good job on the awareness. I think potential pedophiles should warned against but investigations (by law enforcement) should have the end verdict. We often have early cancel culture which can make life hard for the wrong people. (1/2)
"I don't believe in cancel culture, I believe in love culture. Let's lead them in the right direction. If they don't do it - leave them there."   w/  guest host on  Show   #KarenRebels     ch. 126
Every now and then Cancel Culture gets it right. 😬    'Swastika' ride shut down by German amusement park
And yes these people will bleat about cancel culture and memes but let this happen ... so AGAIN what’s really good
Wow, y’all really helping the Nazis revamp their image already?  CaNcEL CuLTuRe HAs GoNe ToO FaR
So we have an actual vacuum of literature , terrible ability to organize and every week or so usually a white woman solidly affiliated bleats about the internet mob and cancel culture when anything happens that means she is shown having institutional power
I’m sorry but I’m extra pissed because Sean Spicer is on DANCING WITH THE STARS but we still have bleatings about cancel culture and it’s directly related to the whiteness and socioeconomic class of the people who dominate internet culture writing , research and discourse
 The old cancel culture. One of the lowest forms of human beings. Congrats.
The #MeToo movement and 'cancel culture' have shifted the way we consume media.  So what does this mean for Tarantino and his depictions of violence against women?    
. slams the modern American Left and their outrage/cancel culture,  “It’s kind of a version of facism...”    
After a recent revelation from   writes "cancel culture" is cancelled.   joins #TheShow to talk about the column.    
Everyone knows now. We live in a cancel culture. If you weigh the joke &amp; go with it, you’re creative decision is made. If it’s voted favourite by 2000 people (not 2000 comedians), then that’s game over really. It’s hard to be detached when it’s clearly subjective, I get that.
Whoa! Shots fired ... on the “cancel culture”   
3. Cancel culture is toxic. People grow &amp; change. None of us are perfect. If all of your bad ways were publicized, you’d be next. People on twitter need to stop trying to cancel those they don’t agree with. A serial abuser &amp; his fans tried to cancel me. I live to type another day
OH: "I'm so sick of 'cancel culture'. Guys on Grindr always cancel 10 mins before they're supposed to show up."
Culture, culture, culture!  People in branding, marketing, and advertising keep talking about culture. But what are we really discussing?  - Pop culture? - Company culture?  - Cancel culture?  Sway may not have had the answers, but I do. So, please VOTE for this #SXSW session.
Students navigating a scenario on how to deal with “cancel culture” in the classroom was an impressive sight to behold   Excited for Day 2 of First Year Fellow training      
I don't believe in "cancel culture". If Jones and Ford apologise and drop their most vicious words, then they have every right to contribute and we should welcome them back. But if they continue to abuse others, how can those paying them credibly claim to support civil debate?
 Sara7a, as Trump put it, he folded like a wet blanket.. He should have just ignored and blocked them.. Cancel culture and online bullying doesn't work in our part of the world, for the simple reason that the bullies don't influence MSMs and corporations like they do in West
Toxic cancel culture strikes again   
 It’s a nebulous thing, but generally it amounts to the trend of people deciding to personal “cancel” someone (i.e. withdraw support, unfollow) after they’ve done something harmful and announce it. Folks who don’t like calling out often denounce it as cancel culture
cancel cancel culture
After a recent revelation from   writes "cancel culture" is cancelled.   joins #TheShow to talk about the column.    
Cancel culture killed a cool film.   
 What vitriol? I’m pointing out the contradictory practices of political twitter’s current cancel culture.
“People avoid meaningful conversations when hypervigilant perfectionists point out apparent mistakes, feeding the cannibalistic maw of the cancel culture.”   
 wow, cancel culture really has gone too far
How Sarah Silverman Could Have Avoided Cancel Culture   
‘Similarly problematic is the “cancel culture,” where people attempt to expunge anyone with whom they do not perfectly agree, rather than remain focused on those who profit from discrimination and injustice.
 Strong opinions and balanced, good faith arguments are great, cancel culture &amp; ruining the experience for others to spice up a hot take, not so much. It's a wider industry issue about decline of quality debate
Apostle Paul pushing cancel culture.   
 Omg YES exactly!!! I see cancel culture used against survivors and their allies. But I never see people denouncing cancel culture when it applies to the widespread betrayal victims often face.
 Exactly. Hard to believe cancel culture is a thing when the abusers are still winning
I still think cancel culture doesn’t exist and people who keep claiming and hating on it just want to police how people respond to harm.
Calling in vs. Calling out. One of the best distinctions I ever learned. #CancelCulture    
Cancel culture will always be mostly liberals canceling other liberals, as long as we don't let it spread, my Monday column in the :   
“Omg cancel culture is so toxic”
“Today’s call-out culture is not advancing us, either with allies or opponents. Similarly problematic is the “cancel culture,” where people attempt to expunge anyone with whom they do not perfectly agree.” (See also ⁦⁦⁩’s latest)   
All I know is I kept watching the NFL...they aren't the real problem and many people that work for them, on the field and off are humans worthy of support. Our "Cancel Culture" is quite silly, capricious, and often not well thought out.
"Cancel culture is spreading for one simple reason: it works. Instead of debating ideas or competing for entertainment dollars, you can just demand anyone who annoys you to be cast out of polite society." My latest for .   
Cancel culture and fake outrage just pisses me off. Entitled little shits complaining skins cost too much on a game they play for free for hundreds of hours.   Fuck that.  Good shit for not laying down to these fools
Culture, culture, culture!  People in branding, marketing, and advertising keep talking about culture. But what are we really discussing?  - Pop culture? - Company culture?  - Cancel culture?  Sway may not have had the answers, but I do. So, please VOTE for this #SXSW session.
To quote  “ Cancel Culture isn’t real” and it isn’t accidental the non phenomena is most over inflated by white culture writers
"Cancel Culture" – Der organisierte Boykott von Andersdenkenden in den USA   
“People avoid meaningful conversations when hypervigilant perfectionists point out apparent mistakes, feeding the cannibalistic maw of the cancel culture.”—Loretta Ross     via 
“Similarly problematic is the “cancel culture,” where people attempt to expunge anyone with whom they do not perfectly agree, rather than remain focused on those who profit from discrimination and injustice.“     
  Wow, I’m suddenly a huge proponent of “cancel culture.”
'Cancel culture' seems to be the new trend emerging in the US as politics hijacks film releases.  But what do New Yorkers think about films being shelved?   
Culture, culture, culture!  People in branding, marketing, and advertising keep talking about culture. But what are we really discussing?  - Pop culture? - Company culture?  - Cancel culture?  Sway may not have had the answers, but I do. So, please VOTE for this #SXSW session.
. isn't going to be silenced just because "cancel culture" is offended 👀👇    
"The way to cancel #CancelCulture is to not only enforce that we be more adamant about free speech, it is to then support the things you want to support." –  #RealTime   
. isn't going to be silenced just because "cancel culture" is offended 👀👇    
  Cancel culture is lame
How Sarah Silverman Could Have Avoided Cancel Culture   
Queer communities are prone to call-out and “cancel” culture because of our collective history of trauma and abuse. But  argues that changing how we react to one another is intrinsic to our survival   
The problem is cancel culture in general. We don’t cancel people. We call them in, not out.
Marlon Wayans speaks out about cancel culture and has the internet big mad:      
For all the hand-wringing over “snowflake” liberals, the perils of “cancel culture,” or the ethics of boycotts by the left, right-wing equivalents are often ignored.   
fully up to you, but I think the impulsivity of cancel culture can be dangerous. I understand being shocked that a public figure would publicly support the police in Hong Kong given what we’ve seen and know but  #BoycottMulan
Marlon Wayans hit back at cancel culture for comedians  "My job is to talk about all the things people are scared to say.”   
Tonight's Podcast: Israel not allowing Congresswomen Tlaib &amp; Omar into the country makes them look like martyrs. Then, "Cancel Culture" comes for #sarahsilverman - PC culture is destructive! Plus, neither party believes in free-market capitalism. #TCOT   
Marlon Wayans isn't feeling the idea of cancel culture.  “My job is to talk about all the things people are scared to say.”      
cancel culture is a trend right now and people are constantly on influencers asses waiting for them to do something slightly wrong to try to “cancel” them lol
Marlon Wayans speaks out against cancel culture in comedy.  “My job is to talk about all the things people are scared to say."      
Culture, culture, culture!  People in branding, marketing, and advertising keep talking about culture. But what are we really discussing?  - Pop culture? - Company culture?  - Cancel culture?  Sway may not have had the answers, but I do. So, please VOTE for this #SXSW session.
Marlon Wayans speaks out against cancel culture in comedy.      
Cancel culture claims another one:   
Marlon Wayans hit back at cancel culture for comedians  "My job is to talk about all the things people are scared to say.”    
The dangers of Cancel Culture and what I want my kids to know:      
   This Internet is based on the conception that we can all communicate, because we can't hurt eachother. You can always just walk away from the keyboard, type /ignore, click block.  Which get ported to the real world, as ghosting, as cancel culture.  It's, as they say, problematic.
I see a lot of “Cancel Culture” folks I know doing the Cupid Shuffle on Jay working with the NFL.
I’ve long been a vocal critic of cancel culture, mob shout downs and deplatforming on the left. We need to be honest about those instances when it comes from the right:   
 was having a convo with a coworker about something similar—her momma be using inflammatory comments about the LGBTQ community. and she had to check her. and it’s a larger convo abt cancel culture and allyship. and i don’t have the right answer.  but yes, fight them lol.
“Instead of challenging people to be better, cancel culture boots people from polite society without the opportunity for explanation or redemption.”   
  so... you wanna cancel the "cancel culture" ??? 😃   
 Said the same upthread: it’s disingenuous to claim that a pic from the sketch was promoted by the “woke” crowd to get Silverman canceled. Near as I can tell, it was resurfaced by the side that mocks cancel culture for the very purpose of then wailing about pc culture run amok
Sarah Silverman railed against cancel culture after being fired from a film over a 2007 comedy sketch in which she wore blackface.   
The Hunt’s premise is awful. We used to call that fiction and move on. No more. Cancel culture scores another point, this time via “conservatives”    
  Yeah and it’s disingenuous to claim that a picture from that scene was being promoted by the “woke” crowd to get Silverman canceled. Near as I can tell, it was resurfaced by the side that mocks cancel culture for the very purpose of then wailing about pc culture run amok.
if cancel culture exists explain alexi lalas
re cancel culture: SOME THINGS DESERVE TO BE CANCELED
My thoughts on cancel culture (#cancelculture) (#cancel) (#culture) are that it is bad when it happens to people I like and good when it happens to people I don't like.
Culture, culture, culture!  People in branding, marketing, and advertising keep talking about culture. But what are we really discussing?  - Pop culture? - Company culture?  - Cancel culture?  Sway may not have had the answers, but I do. So, please VOTE for this #SXSW session.
     Have fun with your cancel culture. If you need hate so much...  But I can tell you: Empathy is the only intelligent option. What can help the dog? Why did she abuse the dog? What can we do against it? What can help her? What can we learn from this?  Thats the key.
Hehe “cancel” culture is so funny. Especially these younger millennials who can’t even cancel Netflix but think they can cancel a human. #bye
Props to Jay-Z in same  article for saying he works with business people of different political opinions than him all the time. That’s the exact opposite of cancel culture, foundation of democratic capitalism:   
The Hunt’s cancellation proves cancel culture is bipartisan. That’s not the kind of cooperation I was hoping for.    
Every day I watch as people write humongous threads on abuse, marginalisation and racism and then engaging in it for the sake of fame. People who fret about “cancel culture”  just want to be let off the hook for their terrible behaviour. There’s just talk, no growth or change
  Nothing binds two people like talking trash about a third. Everybody’s disposing of everybody. It’s...uh...what happened.  Cancel culture, block button.
Sarah Silverman bemoans cancel culture, wishes people would move on from her past bigotry -      
Sarah Silverman bemoans cancel culture, wishes people would move on from her past bigotry - More at:      
yet "cancel culture" supposedly refers to the left.   
You know what's fascist propaganda that inverts the truth? Cancel culture.   
GDT and Travis Beacham created cancel culture don't  me   
Cancel culture takes place on platforms built on the same algorithms that obscure the consequences of our personal actions, and are designed to create an illogical stream of information that holds our attention by keeping us confused and angry.   
KNOWLES: Cancel Culture Comes For Sarah Silverman   
Sarah Silverman bemoans cancel culture, wishes people would move on from her past bigotry      
I’m trying not to laugh/cry because the only record we have of the people with the longest record of actively intercepting this is “cancel culture” and “toxic”
Sarah Silverman Fired From Film Because Of Blackface History: The comedienne speaks out against "cancel culture."   
 While I love and miss Sydney and the wonderful people in games there boy oh boy do I not miss the high school gossip and cancel culture. As everyone else is saying: you’re wonderful and don’t deserve the petty bullshit.
 That you think cancel culture is worse than perpetuating casual racism?
 And dismissing my criticism of cancel culture and passive aggressively calling me racist makes my point.
  It’s not about her. If cancel culture is going to be stopped it has to start being stopped somewhere
 Cancel culture, but for people who deny that alcohol is amazing.
 Mate, cancel culture has gone TOO far! ;)
Equinox and the dangers of cancel culture      
 Twitter is definitely the operating centre of cancel culture, though.
The other day I mentioned “cancel culture” in passing to a friend and they had absolutely no idea what I was talking about. Life away from Twitter is wild.
   Well a lot of people in the thread are arguing she's a part of "cancel culture" herself. It's complicated?
'Cancel culture'? Sarah Silverman calls it 'righteousness porn' and 'really scary'   
PEAK cancel culture.   
 Cause I said cancel culture is bad and I said Silverman shouldn’t have been fired.
Twitch so: Ups Skandale, ungünstig mit dieser Cancel Culture. Was können wir nur tun?  Auch Twitch: Lasst uns Ninja ans Bein pissen und seinen Millionen Followern.  Kannste dir nicht ausdenken. xD
   Far left talking points? The idea that we should not engage in cancel culture is very much a right of center idea.
 Rich irony that she's in favor of cancel culture... until cancel culture comes for her.
Cancel culture wins again. The irony of course is that the liberal elites were portrayed as the villains, but too many conservatives are so quick to gleefully seize victim status for themselves that they missed this.    via 
Why Sarah Silverman thinks “cancel culture” should be canceled    
Culture, culture, culture!  People in branding, marketing, and advertising keep talking about culture. But what are we really discussing?  - Pop culture? - Company culture?  - Cancel culture?  Sway may not have had the answers, but I do. So, please VOTE for this #SXSW session.
I do not feel sorry for Silverman. She helped create this cancel culture and was a scold to other non-PC comedians. It's now coming back to bite her.    
‘Cancel culture’    
'Cancel culture'? Sarah Silverman calls it 'righteousness porn' and 'really scary'   
Sarah Silverman Regrets Former ‘Blackface’ Comedy Sketch, Laments Cancel Culture   
The comedienne speaks out against "cancel culture."    
Hindsight being 20/20 it was a bad idea, fair enough. But does anyone in the whole world believe  is racist? Anyone think she hates black people? I really don’t think she is a racist.   Cancel culture is a bad thing for our society.
Cancel culture kills it's own.
Although Silverman neither named the film nor offered any details, she spoke in-depth about "cancel culture":   
She’s right on about cancel culture. The only point I’d disagree with is that it’s “the Left” engaging in it. The Right has its own versions of cancel culture as well.
Sarah Silverman, fired for blackface, laments cancel culture has 'invaded the left'    
In which liberal scold  simultaneously condemns #cancel culture and falls over herself pandering to it
Sarah Silverman, fired for blackface, laments cancel culture has 'invaded the left'   
Silverman added that she believes the current culture of attacking and holding celebrities accountable for comments or personas from their past is the equivalent of 'righteousness porn.' #comedy #freespeech #cancelculture    
 Too many people witch hunting and stuff . It's not anyone's job to decide who gets cancelled or not. I'll never support mod mentality cancel culture amymore. If someone fucks up or you don't like em. Report. Move on. It's annoying
Cancel culture is a myth
Cancel Culture vs Rape Culture, and the Case for Repairing Harm   
#Adam Applies a Trans Lens to a Cis Gaze. Is That Too Complex for Cancel Culture?      
 I do. Cancel culture is out of control. Folks need to fix what needs to be fixed. But canceling one thing to move to another would result in a lot of the same issues. 😀
 Yea we share the same stance on cancel culture for sure. I fucking hate it. Alinity needs to be banned and ninjas channel has to be taken down for good. We’ll see.
 I think these instances are the extreme minority of impact that twitch has. Twitch has a lot to fix. Every platform does. My point is cancel culture just kicks the can down the street
 Wow, I was told this “campus woke cancel culture” was a bubble, that it didn’t exist in the real world and to ignore it. Hmmmm
Politically correct cancel culture in 3 tweets   
We chatted to  to get real about YouTube and cancel culture #SitC2019   
    Yeahr, but she doesnt need hate and cancel culture. Thanks.
Restorative/transformative justice culture &gt; cancel culture
Weekend read on cancel culture &amp; pop culture - Trick Mirror: Reflections on Self-Delusion by Jia Tolentino.
Why is it that everyone who has been cancelled hates cancel culture? So weirdddd
   As the target of a fairly recent smear campaign I’m just very wary of cancel culture now. I’m going to make room for some substantial disagreement with people I share at least some key values and goals with. Let they who have no problematic faves throw the fist stone I guess.
The real cancel culture is spending all Saturday morning attacking a complete stranger online over a promo mattress
Ya, you know for all these folks spouting 'Cancel Culture' these canceled folks still seem to be cashing a lotta checks.   Receipts: Woody Allen, Nate Parker have movies at one the glitziest film festivals on the planet, and Harvey Weinstein is still making movies.   
I don’t know if I’ve ever called for someone to be “cancelled.” It’s not really how I reckon with fucked-up-shit. Anyway, pointing out something true but inconvenient for your perception of one of your faves is not “cancel culture.” It’s called critical thinking, ya dweebs.
. joins  to discuss working on #SNL, the legalization of weed, death threats, and cancel culture. #BSPodcast   
Culture, culture, culture!  People in branding, marketing, and advertising keep talking about culture. But what are we really discussing?  - Pop culture? - Company culture?  - Cancel culture?  Sway may not have had the answers, but I do. So, please VOTE for this #SXSW session.
This week's POP STYLE OPINIONFEST podcast, we foolishly wade into the topic of CANCEL CULTURE, from the #EquinoxBoycott to counting words in film scripts, social media anger is having a direct effect on real-world culture:    
. says he is "tired of boycott culture and cancel culture," so he won't stop going to  and ... which is just another way for a wealthy white guy to say that he does not give a shit about vulnerable people, when it comes down to it.
Will be interesting to see if Twitter outrage mob reacts to this like they did to finding out Stephen Ross owns SoulCycle. I doubt they will, but it just goes to show how arbitrary Cancel Culture is.
 I'm not into cancel culture. Leo is a kid. I'm not going to pin him as anything. But words form the basis of our thoughts and existence, it's best to learn and empathize with others.
Singer  opens up about cancel culture in .   
On a platform dominated by big personalities, drama isn’t hard to come by, and when shame brings numbers, controversy can be manufactured. TenEighty chats to creators about the impact of cancel culture on YouTube. 🗨️📢      
 hi Angelika! I'm a reporter at Business Insider. I'm working on a story about drama channels, criticism of big creators, and cancel culture. I'd be really interested to hear your thoughts on all this. Send me a DM if you're interested! Thanks
Our ongoing hatred of Taylor Swift is about more than just basic cancel culture.      
 what’s cancel culture?  Sincerely, out of touch senior.
New BS Podcast: 12 years in the making... it’s  on the state of comedy in 2019, cancel culture, SNL, death threats, the standup itch, favorite TV shows, the legalization of pot and much more.    
We talked to Vietnamese-American poet Ocean Vuong about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
Name a team that was better when no one on the team agreed...  #UnitedWeStand but #DividedWeFall   Our Forever President wasn’t a part of any ‘cancel culture’. He sought to educate, repair, build and rebuild even when discussions were tough.  He was patient as he pursued change.
‘Cancel culture’ is  a social phenomenon that takes user outrage and transforms it into large-scale rejection of a celebrity’s work or a brand.    reports on the latest boycott, which makes calls against Equinox and SoulCycle.     
. opened up about cancel culture, sexism, and her highly-anticipated new album #Lover 🦋💘    
Cancel culture takes place on platforms built on the same algorithms that obscure the consequences of our personal actions, and are designed to create an illogical stream of information that holds our attention by keeping us confused and angry.   
The backlash against SoulCycle and Equinox are the latest example of "cancel culture" in America.  takes a broader look now.   
stan culture and cancel culture are actually fucked
The backlash against SoulCycle and Equinox is the latest example of "cancel culture" in America.  takes a broader look now.   
I’m officially cancelling cancel culture! Who’s with me? Anyone?  ...I’m cancelled innit? Kidding, I know you have to actually BE someone. I’m fucking untouchable bitch.
 The slimming down is definitely happening. Big companies are terrified of cancel culture.
#TaylorSwift is talking sexism, cancel culture &amp; MORE in #Vogue!   💖      
Taylor Swift is not here for cancel culture   
Can we all just agree to #cancel cancel culture?    
Taylor Swift Covers 'Vogue' To Talk Sexism, Cancel Culture &amp; More        
GOP: We need market-based solutions to our problems. Liberals: Cool. Let's boycott Soul Cycle. GOP: Lol. Stephen Ross DGAF. Moderates: OMG you guys, cancel culture is so wrong. Me: PITCHFORKS, PITCHFORKS &amp; TORCHES FOR SALE. Tools with PROVEN EFFECTIVENESS against rich fucks.
Yeah in an era where people feel powerless and unable to make change, cancel culture is hugely powerful
Taylor Swift Covers Vogue / Talks 'Lover' Album, Label Drama, LGBTQ Stance, &amp; "Cancel" Culture      
 On "cancel culture": "It’s not a TV show. It’s a human being. You’re sending mass amounts of messaging to this person to either shut up, disappear, or it could also be perceived as, ‘Kill yourself.’”   
Swift on cancel culture: "When you say someone is canceled, it’s not a TV show. It’s a human being. You’re sending mass amounts of messaging to this person to either shut up, disappear, or it could also be perceived as, Kill yourself."      
     Personally I don't disagree with you here. Social media cancel culture supports overreaction and Related Cos. invested in Equinox in 2005:   
Cancel culture comes for Zimbardo smh
#Adam Applies a Trans Lens to a Cis Gaze. Is That Too Complex for Cancel Culture?      
If you’re at one of these sponsors caught up in an attempt to cancel someone, you need to realise most people contacting you didn’t see the thing they’re complaining about. Ask them how often they watch the show your sponsor and what other shows they watch. #CancelCulture
 I also deleted the original tweet because the last bit brought up really negative emotions for me, and watching the video back got me sad. I still stand by what I said. Cancel culture is awful and people bandwagon hate. Everyone makes mistakes, influencers get judged the most tho
Apparently there’s some YouTuber who posted a video of her abusing her dog and while I’m not down with cancel culture in general that is some ninth circle of Hell shit.
U foul troll bot fiend -   The only thing you can be sure about is cancel culture will cancel you and itself -  RT    elevate  for safety he's about as dirtbag left as headliners get  (maybe Danny DeVito could challenge but John fucking argues with randos)
A cancel culture we could get behind!   
 Btw not a huge fan of public shaming/cancel culture but this feels deserved. Who knows what you’re doing behind closed doors to that poor dog if that’s just what was captured on camera
 Most of her videos lately are with the dog or focused on the dog. I usually hate cancel culture but there needs to be some punishment to the shit that she's done.   Imagine the behind the scenes to here "training my dog" video. 😰
Imagine hurting a dog. Imagine hurting a dog because he tried to LOVE you. I’m very much not into cancel culture but if I never hear about this person, that I’ve never heard of before today, I’ll be totally ok with that. #DontHurtAnimals
the thing is the culture war is gonna come for every business in some way shape or form and the sad part is some crisis pr firm will create michael claytons for cancel culture or some bullshit and they'll be the ones to make money from it
not usually into cancel culture but FUCK this girl
 My broader point is that people (Gay Twitter especially) seem  more energized when they're against something than when they're for something (or someone). We can agree to disagree, but I think cancel culture is dangerous.
Another wonderfully thoughtful appraisal: ‘Adam’ Applies a Trans Lens to a Cis Gaze. Is That Too Complex for Cancel Culture?    via 
‘Adam’ Applies a Trans Lens to a Cis Gaze. Is That Too Complex for Cancel Culture?    via 
‘Adam’ Applies a Trans Lens to a Cis Gaze. Is That Too Complex for Cancel Culture?  My thoughts:      
#Adam Applies a Trans Lens to a Cis Gaze. Is That Too Complex for Cancel Culture?      
Must-read from :  ‘Adam’ Applies a Trans Lens to a Cis Gaze. Is That Too Complex for Cancel Culture?    via 
Cancel culture is a myth
6/10: I am not calling this out to be part of the cancel culture or start some tirade against people, but rather to question these individuals whose motivation seems to be nothing but $$$ and to also challenge our own integrity and choices that we make everyday.
Cancel culture has gone too far
 Because we live in the ALL or NOTHING culture, cancel culture. “IF YOU DON’T AGREE WITH ME, FUCK YOU” culture. No forgiveness, no empathy for one another.
See why I keep saying people on here just jump on bandwagon and don’t care about the issues they want to cancel people for?   Today Phat Joe is ok because he is degrading someone they don’t like.   Ba sele! Cancel culture is rooted in bias.
FYI Northern hemisphere people, latest podcast is with  discussing his politics, writing dark comedy, cancel culture, masculinity and #MeToo    #edfringe   
Here’s why cancel culture sucks... you can’t cancel true enemies. Only the ignorant or misinformed.  Your enemies grow in strength and ranks. Never deliver troops to the other side.
Maybe we can make this a trend and replace #cancelculture with #conversationcivilization?  It’s more productive, fam! ✌️🎧🙌
I’d rather we take the effort we put into creating role models and help those we’ve scapegoated come back after they have been shamed, destroyed, discarded &amp; humiliated. We need to show the courage to reach out to those we have thrown away by our new ghastly ‘cancel culture’. 🙏
Cancel culture takes place on platforms built on the same algorithms that obscure the consequences of our personal actions, and are designed to create an illogical stream of information that holds our attention by keeping us confused and angry.   
 Not agreeing with the whole “cancel culture” thing that ppl do for social media points but we do vote with our money so if it’s really important to someone, not spending money that could end up helping trump be re-elected makes sense.
Supporters of “cancel culture” are the people that take a soldiers boots as he dies... because he’s not gonna need them anymore
In an era of #cancelculture on social media, how do we move from cancellation to social transformation?   The recent state of affairs has us thinking critically about Professor 's lecture on digital activism at Bates in March:      
 When they called it “cancel culture”. I didn’t make up the term
Supporters of “cancel culture” think good and evil are a tinder decision and that someone’s value is predicated on the whim of their swipe.
Supporters of “cancel culture” are the townsfolk who hire a gunslinger to kill a gunslinger because gunfighters are evil.
Supporters of “cancel culture” are the person in a horror movie who shouts “Leave him” when the others try to save someone who’s been injured and fallen behind.   
Supporters of “cancel culture” are the person in the lifeboat who picks who their going to eat before the supplies run out.
On n’a pas le droit de tuer des gens en France, du coup on arrête les séries policières ? Ce nouvel ordre moral, porté là par la gauche adepte de la cancel culture, est effroyable.
I recommend my episode of  podcast to anyone who a) wonders what it is the book editors actually do, b) wants to hear some insider info about legendary kidlit authors and editors, and/or c) has any interest in cancel culture.   
 Exactly! This is the type of hollow cancel culture shit that these people revel in. It’s fake progressivism at its worst. They don’t really give a shit about mental health or LGBTQ+ people. They just want to use those issues to justify attacking people.
I know it’s Peak #CancelCulture but DON’T #CancelNYT. We need the paper’s excellent reporters to keep reporting facts, analysis and deep dives, but we can hold  accountable for when an editor softsteps a hardball issue. Lies are lies. Racism is racism. Call it what it is.
 And #CancelNYT isn't just about cancel culture, or whether the  is too far or not far enough left, or whether this was intentional or not. In a crisis of trust, something major and clear needs to be done to restore trust, the same way it does in govt/corporations.
 It's very easy to get sucked in, which is the other very prominent feature of Twitter. But yeah, the speed at which "cancel culture" is operating across the board these days is pretty alarming, in a broad sense.
Great piece on Jacko and cancel culture, echoing something I’ve said before—that the first thing dictating the obsoleting of an artist should be the content of their work...     
I saw this movie at a film festival and really enjoyed it. I hope "cancel culture" doesn't eat it alive.   
One day the 🌹 people will make the connection between cancel culture and all of their favourite sites becoming censorious...
and when it has been voiced it has been soundly mocked and scorned .    and   have put it in books and articles . We have slate articles.... compare that to how many "cancel culture is bad" tomes
Now look at how many have articles about civility, about toxic twitter, about cancel culture etc.  Hugo Schwizer alone has about 30 articles, maybe THREE mention me by name
 Good lad. Don’t apologise, don’t back down. These cancel culture freaks will do anything to scream someone else down in their pursuit of looking virtuous for five minutes online. It’s predictable that he only had a problem with this when a massacre happened in the US too.
 They keep giving her chances and talking about cancel culture but somehow everything up to and including being around Nazi's isn't enough
Actor  took to Twitter to rant about cancel culture after #FirdousJamal's controversial comments on        
This is worrisome😞   I’m no big fan of cancel culture but sensitivity towards victims of rapists is important.   This man was convicted by law for violating a minor. His paedophilic behavior warrants that he shouldnt be glorified like some romantic stud!   C’mon    
my gut tells me he will be too. everyone on twitter and social media are all talk. no one made it to the polls the way they needed to in 2016. for fuck sakes can cancel culture make it to the polls next year?
 Cancel culture is a very complicated subject, but in this case the pre-release protest was partially motivated by actual trans extras from the film who were misled about what they were appearing in, and who faced transphobic comments from the crew.
So is "cancel culture" a real thing. Welllll... kinda.   
New episode of #unfiltered up now. ⁦⁩ and I chat about intermittent fasting, cancel culture, and how JJ thinks the Dalai Lama is just another dude. Thanks for listening hotties. Much love 😘    
Cancel culture takes place on platforms built on the same algorithms that obscure the consequences of our personal actions, and are designed to create an illogical stream of information that holds our attention by keeping us confused and angry.   
 cancel cancel culture !!!
for so many people and especially “fans” to collectively gather and participate in cancel culture is so disheartening. it leaves no room for the truth to come out and it’s counterproductive. the 2K community has done so well with rejoicing in each other’s success, don’t stop now.
 I'm about to cancel culture you
    I agree. And wish the same generosity would be extended to things people said years, or decades ago - even as adults. It happens everywhere...all the time. Current "cancel culture" is bullshit. As is the crazy double standards...offence is taken depending on who says it.
It’s a spectacular 🆕  podcast w/  and the prolific : "Porn Stars, Psychopaths, and Cancel Culture".    
Cancel culture is toxic af.
 shut down is a bit much there bud, relax on the cancel culture
Cancel culture on Twitter is toxic and I beg everyone to do their due diligence in getting facts from all sides before attacking them on the internet.   Anyone with further questions is welcome to contact me through my Twitter DM.
People liked and shared the tweet without checking all the sides of the case. Therefore, spreading a rumor without considering the consequences. We’ve normalized and perpetuated the toxicity of the cancel culture, and i’ll admit that I’ve done the same in the past
Why did  saying "bullying isn't cool" lead to a bunch of cartoon avatars dog-piling him on Twitter? Because #CancelCulture has reached critical mass.   
   Do note all sorts of old school Internet utopians being rather quiet nowadays. We didn’t expect so many assholes, or trolls. Thought that you could just walk away from the computer if anything bad was said.  Cancel culture, feeling disposable, the block button...same things.
What happens when social media’s “cancel culture” misses the point?     
What happens when social media’s “cancel culture” misses the point?   
Not just #DemDebate, but also my thoughts on cancel culture coming for the Gipper, and what we should really be discussing with regard to our cities like Baltimore.
We think of cancel culture as a thing of the left. But in 's case, it was the right wing doing the canceling, with the not-inconsiderable muscle of the Department of Justice added in for good measure, writes .   
We think of cancel culture as a thing of the left. But in 's case, it was the right wing doing the canceling, with the not-inconsiderable muscle of the Department of Justice added in for good measure, writes .   
For all the crying people do about "cancel culture" on the left, which is usually just critique culture, 9 out of 10 times it's the right that's so shaken by the very existence of someone they have to fabricate whole stories to try to get people cancelled   
Cancel culture takes place on platforms built on the same algorithms that obscure the consequences of our personal actions, and are designed to create an illogical stream of information that holds our attention by keeping us confused and angry.   
I wonder why  would want to make sure  had revenues that aren’t dependent on advertisers subject to cancel culture? Hmmm it’s a mystery!!
  He apologised because he saw a small backlash. The cancel culture was coming for him.
Cancel culture is toxic. It’s juvenile. People can’t have an opinion unless your opinion matches whatever the trend is. All of this shit is trendy.
It is not cancel culture to explain to people the harm they may be doing unintentionally.   It is not cancel culture for trans people to respond to comments about us and share how it impacts us.   We hope 's words lead to much-needed dialogue. ❤️  #WednesdayWisdom
 The annoying thing about Griffin is that she seems to have learned nothing about the ethics of cancel culture outside her own case. She's more than happy when people she disagrees with get canceled.
Cancel culture in a nutshell: "Or is it just possible that all of this outrage was manufactured, that a single act of truly bad taste was transformed by the president’s men into an instant excuse to unleash all their hatred?"      
We think of cancel culture as a thing of the left. But in 's case, it was the right wing doing the canceling, with the not-inconsiderable muscle of the Department of Justice added in for good measure, writes .   
Sitting down with Candace Owens was all i needed to hear to determine how i feel about Mario Lopez. Don’t believe women, great... another man i have zero use for.  I don’t believe in cancel culture... but i am not interested in a Saved by the Bell reboot. No bell will save him
Cancel culture is fucking gross. He didn’t even say anything wrong! 3 year olds have no idea about their sexual identity! And news flash, some people lie, so we shouldn’t just “believe” anyone. We should investigate the accused and prove innocence or guilt.
As 2019 is the year of cancel culture, can we please cancel Question Time? #qt
Cancel culture takes place on platforms built on the same algorithms that obscure the consequences of our personal actions, and are designed to create an illogical stream of information that holds our attention by keeping us confused and angry.   
complaining about a supportive black father IN THE MEDIA or even hinting that he should “tone it down” is INSANE, where’s cancel culture?
Lets renew cancel culture and give it six more seasons and a movie  #renewcancelculture
 Cancel culture is a myth. The best way to get cancelled is to stop uploading or start uploading crap content.
"Ending legalism is not the same thing as sanctioning sin...." It's a pipe dream, but perhaps this logic could be applied to efforts to turn abortion into a crime. So much more could be accomplished by argument and moral suasion. #cancelculture
Hit the nail on the head here. Be underdog and succeed. Succeed and then be hated. Repeat. Could the album have been condensed a little? Sure, same can be said about basically every album over 45 mins. But it’s a good album, and doesn’t deserve the hate. “Cancel” culture is toxic
When did "cancel" culture begin? Millennials? Gen Z? Post-Gen Z youths? Humans mess up and the internet (esp Twitter/IG) has become this place where people viciously call out &amp; "cancel" others. Is this healthy? What are your thoughts?
Está queriendo argumentar, en este caso la futilidad y peligrosidad de la cancel culture  5) No me termina de caer mal  6) Entre la solemnidad policial de Pich*t y ella, la prefiero a ella
Writers - we can admire the current successful class of writer/show runners and still wish they were doing more for mid/lower level writers during this very weird time.  I don’t believe in cancel culture. It’s toxic. It’s OK to acknowledge people you admire don’t always look back
 "Cancel culture" = "anybody telling me to stop doing anything I want to be doing"
This is a joke. Cancel culture is trash.
Las Vegas exists in a time before cancel culture and look toots, it’s a hell hole
Also, no one thinks they are part of cancel culture so rest assured this tweet is not about you
So much of “cancel culture” feels like the reverse of “I liked this band before they were popular.” Like, “I knew the person you admired was TRASH before you did!!! HAHAHA U DUMMY!” Good for you, I hope you can one day achieve maximum coolness. I’m rooting for you buddy
 THANK you. And I know that you would call it out if you did. That was my point, that the cancel culture comes for everyone now, it seems.
basically, the "dirtbag" solution of "haha fuck sensitive weaklings" is not a workable solution, because it brushes a lot of people's genuine concerns aside  also "hahaha fuck sensitive weaklings" is another form of the supposed "cancel culture" as "weaklings" are pointed out
Clay Travis Rejects PC Cancel Culture in Sports Media      
On The Rubin Report, Travis Indicts 'Cancel Culture,' Political Correctness In Sports      
RT : In #Trending in City Press this weekend  looks at cancel culture. Good read.   
Rubin Report: Travis Pounds Away On PC Sports Media Cancel Culture   
In #Trending in  this weekend  looks at cancel culture. Good read.   
me 2 cancel culture   
cancel culture makes me stressed for people who name their kids after celebrities
not a fan of Cancel culture
We talked to Vietnamese-American poet Ocean Vuong about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
cancel culture not as a noun but as an imperative
once again STOP COMPARING BLACK CREATORS. this is why creativity is at a all time low, because as soon as someone new comes out on some original shit yall wanna pin them with a OG. thats also cancel culture. it can be more than one of us.....
Looking forward to the punishment of these three for desecrating a memorial to a child murdered in 1955, the fierce denunciations of “cancel culture,” and then finally tenderly written 15000 word profile followed by a possible cable news gig.   
cancelled for laughing too hard........ smdh cancel culture has gone too far
Phrase of the moment: "cancel culture"   
Lolly Adefope's New Comedy 'Sorry' Is A Hilarious Look At Cancel Culture   
And the way that cancel culture has been specifically infantalized especially within tech culture and writing is directly anti black as hell and it sucks its permeating down because it’s making a comedy of allowing folks to tell you no
And straight up cancel culture via white tech and culture users is a very different beast , and I’m annoyed that’s its permeating down , because it’s the beginning of late millennial brand shift that I’m not a fan of
And all direct confrontation is turning into cancel culture, because most PR comms management is the delete or the non answer . So Cancel culture also has a side of ... you ended the discussion so I withdrew my energies/resources
One of the large problems about “cancel culture” is it’s been racialized as black, appropriated and then discussed as if it’s universal when it’s not . And Amara is right it’s exhausting. Because the easiest way to stop “cancel culture “ discussions is to ask folks to define it
Cancel culture is threatening scientific debate and clinicians’ free speech, argues    
🗣THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS CANCEL CULTURE exhibit 46,743
 i dont understand why call outs and cancel culture are a good idea. You would never treat a child or a coworker like that when they made a mistake, why it is Ok in other interactions?
“Cancel Culture” almost always arises when someone *isn’t* from their mistakes. I’ve never seen someone who sincerely and meaningfully apologized for a harm get cancelled, but I have seen people get cancelled when they need a backhoe to dig themselves any deeper.
We need to talk about 'cancel culture'   
I don’t support cancel culture because it is inherently rooted in relationship bias.   You more likely to cancel someone you don’t like or know. At its core CC is not about the issue but the person.   2 people can do or say the same thing but only 1 be “cancelled”
Cancel culture doesn’t cleanse people, it cleans social media timelines.
 Thanks for speaking up! If I talk about Cancel Culture again I'll try to remember to specify which part of it I'm picking at. (And please, if you happen to see me speaking out in a way that's unclear or possibly damaging, I appreciate your feedback!)
 I agree that what I said was probably too nuanced to be stuffed into one tweet. It's the "culture" part of "cancel culture" that I feel is damaging. The bandwagon "coolness" of taking any single slip-up and dragging it out into a spotlight like a stoning, celebrated in public.
Cancel culture isn't real but neither is God and ya'll believe in that too...   
*bingo cage of cancel culture spins and spins*  "John Marsden thinks...   nerd kids...  should be bullied!"   
Good thing cancel culture doesn't exist.  Abuse victims, POC, lgbqt have been "canceled" for ages but no one cared or put a label on it when powerful people started to feel threatened by possible accountability.
OMG  your tweet below ’s is too perfect. 😂 #CancelCulture   
CANCEL CULTURE IS A MYTH Only Big Foot has actually been cancelled.
 The problem is that people are very angry, deeply tired, and simply *meaner* than in previous years.  I saw a recent piece about how SF's *other* cancel culture, *ghosting*, has spread to Austin.  Right aren't pie, but the "pie" of common courtesy *is* shrinking.  They collide.
Cancel culture is now cancelled. Pass it on.
Cancel culture takes another victim smh
'Cancel culture' has damaged the fabric of our democracy, writes    
So  said we could ask her anything so I asked her what she thought about cancel culture and she may have made several points      
I’m not about cancel culture, I’m about accountability culture.  has some serious work to do before she should be allowed in a locker room.
 I think that's gonna get worse as cancel culture and the living of our lives in public spaces continues. there's so much more external pressure to never be wrong now. but we need to be wrong, a LOT, to learn how to be humble and kind and have gentle tempers
 I love the last bit lad. The bit about comics uniting against cancel culture to the point where being cancelled is actually a career boost. 👏🏼
We Can’t Let Cancel Culture Kill Comedy...   
And I’m not about cancel culture. What I AM about is self progression. Recognise a mistake and be accountable.
Oh my gosh we covered soooooo much!!! The word #curvy Talking about other people’s bodies  #beyonce #cancelculture #bodypositivity #thestruggle #plussize #actress
Oh my gosh, get over it. They’re biker shorts. Stop this modern day, book burning, cancel culture.
Everyone go buy these now before they’re cancelled.  Collectors items.  Here’s 30% off using this link    Thanks for the idea cancel culture person.
Against cancel culture   
   It's San Francisco, epicenter of cancel culture.  I'm so sorry.  Geeks used to know better.
 Oh, just because of how close to home it hits re my fear of cancel culture
Hey! Just watched this and wanted to thank you for taking the time to talk out your thoughts. To answer a few questions you had: (1) The culture I was referring to is cancel culture which means a comedian’s career can be ended in one tweet, one video clip, one podcast,
this “cancel culture” shit is getting old
From Bill Cosby to James Charles: The double-edged sword of cancel culture   
This was a different kind of sex scene, one that we needed in 2019 -    #VeronicaMars #LoganEcholls #CancelCulture #whimn
Deep reckoning or fleeting outrage? Cancel culture's complexity proves a double-edged sword.   
I don’t like how Michael’s behaved one bit but I hope he gets the support he needs when he does leave the villa as we know the horrendous outcomes of previous contestants. Cancel culture can be dangeous. #LoveIsland
Sorry hot take, "cancel culture" has always existed. Ask Fatty Arbuckle.    
Cancel culture still walks the line between a constructive reckoning and a symptom of fleeting-but-viral outrage one year into its mainstream appearance.   
“It’s the power to withhold attention in an attention economy. It’s a way to draw attention to gaffes or stupidity or outright bigotry.”   breaks down cancel culture for :    via 
From Bill Cosby to James Charles: The double-edged sword of cancel culture   
 SMDH u can’t even make friends with a simple crow anymore in this cancel culture
Lessons learned from #SDCC19 - Cancel Culture and Reboot Culture are two sides of the same coin.
  i will not be bullied by "Cancel Culture"
   The reality is the block button, and cancel culture, are not actually different things.  I would have thought they were.  Turns out the experience of winking people out of your existence (and sometimes telling everyone) is contagious, addictive...and norm spreading.
 Cancel culture is problematic but if I never saw or heard from this guy again it wouldn’t be a moment too soon
Here we go again....cancel culture goes after a comedian for telling a joke and the network acquiesces to mob “justice.”
Smash is the entirety of cancel culture  But like, times 10
Dear    How can a comedy network take the side of the cancel culture comic trying to get his 15 mins over the pro comic telling an extremely well-crafted and hilarious joke? The only comedic thing about your network is where your loyalties lie.   -Corinne Fisher
you can start complaining about cancel culture when the first person to ever get canceled actually gets canceled.
Cancel culture is for the weak-minded. Deeply empathetic people  know when to discard wholly (repeated, uncorrected when addressed, blatantly and purposefully offensive without ignorance) and when opportunities for teachable moments occur. Teaching &gt; cancelling.
 I just hate cancel culture altogether. Hold people accountable if you must and then move on.
 So A$AP Rocky choosing 2have the freedom to write lyrics about what he’s interested in as an “artist” is denouncing his “blackness?” Do you hear yourself? So, if I don’t read Ebony or Essence Magazine I’m not black? You’re victimized by the same bias that the “cancel culture” is.
  I've now done a companion podcast to my Spectator piece on "cancel culture":   
Spectator discussed the little guys who have been assaulted, literally or figuratively, by bullies, and the generous crowdfunding support of strangers to help them recover and fight back.  Cancel culture | The Spectator   
 asks: Has the statute of limitations run out on cancel culture?  references Aziz Ansari “I don’t have any love for Aziz”. Says she’s nervous about Weinstein. Oh, and asks why Julie Chen is still with Les Moonves. There’s a lot of ground being covered...!
     There are many people doing many things.  Some of them are good.  But cancel culture is a Sword of Damocles over everyone, that has not been wielded well in general and has certainly not been disavowed.      Take a look.  The fear is real.
 cancel culture do ya thing
    Your cancel culture is out of control and I think it's because the natural calibration of being mocked, has been cancelled.  There's always another reason to tear someone down, and it's mostly all I see.
Journalist and author  is back on Recode Media to talk all things pop culture and politics with .   Hear the interview on cancel culture, keeping up (or not) with pop culture and paying college athletes:   
What do   and Brian Leach have in common? They’ve all been on the receiving end of “cancel culture”, which in this week’s Speccie I suggest is the political equivalent of road rage.   
Woke cancel culture finally going after a true blight on our history: the moon landing.
From Canceled and Back: "Cancel culture" strikes and misses.  --      
Christine Rosen on Aziz Ansari's return after "cancel culture" tried and failed to take him out.   
can’t believe I have to specify this but.. cancel culture is not the same thing as (rightfully) not supporting rapists, abusers, etc.
Solid words from  on 'cancel culture' and the  debacle:   
Tana Mongeau unpacks her engagement to Jake Paul, last year's disastrous TanaCon, and her thoughts on cancel culture   
(Not making a statement about cancel culture or advocating pre-Trump rhetorical centrism by any stretch of the imagination. I’m just basking in the afterglow of getting a lot off my chest.)
Change is hard. Cancel culture scares me 'cause I try really, really hard to listen to people, and to change if I'm in the wrong, but change takes time. And cancel culture sometimes works too fast to let change show itself.
 Cancel culture is running wild
I was about to tweet a test pattern, because that’s all that will be left when  cancel culture completes its audit, but man are those old things problematic.
I’m so tired of cancel culture   
Tolerance and acceptance aren’t the same thing. However, in our anti-intellectual, trash heap cancel culture, discussion of any slight disagreement on an issue is avoided in favor of throwing out identity politic accusations. Diverse thought is banned and hate assumed.
 Not all of it was self-deprecating, some of it was just making light of cancel culture and transparently asking people to pretend nothing happened so they could go back to making more jokes for likes. That's not constructive.
 I feel bad 😔 i thought about it but i hate cancel culture - it hurts my heart.
The cancel culture on NJTransit is getting out of control
Editorial: Cancel culture can lead to hasty and potentially harmful forms of censorship.   
Our diminishing Church numbers testify to how effective this Christian cancel culture is: young people are leaving, the elderly feel isolated and new believers are afraid. How do we find a way out of cancel culture? It starts with our own faith walks.    
Cancel culture has officially gone too far.   
luckily the next episode of  is on cancel Culture. So stay tuned 📺
 My answer is no (if it is good then it is good), I am always for second+ chances. Cancel culture says otherwise, and I do balance the weight and emotion of the opposing party if those decisions affect them.
 La  escribio algo super elocuente e inteligente sobre lo tonta que es finalmente la “cancel culture” porque finalmente genera un callejón sin salida. Buscalo te va a gustar.
So genannte ‘Dirtbag’-Linke Amber A’Lee Frost und Anna Khachiyan über Populismus, Feminismus und "cancel culture". Ein Beitrag von  aus dem britischen Onlinemagazin     
 Cancel culture meaning?
I don't understand following internet personalities you don't like just to harass them. If they aren't actively spewing hate, doing harm or practicing radical ideology... then why? Cancel culture is also overrated.
"One chain, Claire’s, “refused to comply”...the agency said in a remarkable name-and-shame press release...— more than a year after the independent lab first identified problems. Claire’s issued a recall shortly thereafter-"  We needed cancel culture to not sell asbestos to kids?
With great power comes great responsibility...  now reading:  'Are millennials really driving ‘cancel culture’ - or is it their overcautious critics?'    
“14 years ago, Bono and George W. Bush found common ground and started a program to fight the AIDS virus. It has now saved over 11 million lives. Bono is not a Republican, but worked with Bush to make the world a better place.”— on Megan Rapinoe and the cancel culture   
Power in Progress: We have become a network of referees: Fandoms defend artists (Behive). We’re also a ‘cancel culture’ (boycott), which causes brands to apologize &amp; correct course #vidconus #viacomlive   
We talked to Vietnamese-American poet Ocean Vuong about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
cancel culture is really problematic &amp; you guys need to get woke towards the fact that not only people who don’t have a platform are allowed to make mistakes. Number of followers doesn’t make us any lest human or unable to feel hurt or sadness from judgement and comments.
Are millennials really driving ‘cancel culture’—or is it their overcautious critics? And how is it affecting literature? |       
We talked to Vietnamese-American poet Ocean Vuong about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
If Dave Chappelle can be canceled, we’ve reached Peak Cancel Culture.
"The rapper now has the Black Twitter community divided, because cancel culture and cancel twitter always keeps the receipts."  A$AP Rocky's arrest has led to both support for his release and backlash for his comments in the past.   
Cancel culture? You think this *gestures to the rest of feed* is cancel culture?    
Love this ⁦⁩ thought on insuring reputations: ‘Social media means we all live with reputation risk. A bad tweet can cost you your job or book contract. In theory, a company like Lloyd’s can insure against cancel culture.’   
Are millennials really driving ‘cancel culture’ - or is it their overcautious critics?   
 that's it, cancel culture has gone too far
 I say "And they got all Twitter about it" to my non-online friends and they're all 🧐🧐🧐. I mean things re: cancel culture and The Discourse. I obvs got it from.... Twitter.
Are millennials really driving ‘cancel culture’ - or is it their overcautious critics?    via 
the future is insurance against cancel culture--Lloyd's of London is on it   
Bret Easton Ellis criticizes millennial inclusivity &amp; cancel culture:       
  I can see how this happened. Publisher thinks it's sacking someone for tweeting in violation of social media policy. Classic "cancel culture", like Brian Leach or Israel Folau.  But she's actually doing union organising on Twitter &amp; the HR bellends haven't put 2+2 together yet.
Are millennials really driving ‘cancel culture’ - or is it their overcautious critics?   
Are millennials really driving ‘cancel culture’ - or is it their overcautious critics?   
It would be awesome if cancel culture could cancel my toddler waking up in the middle of the night &amp; screaming for an hour. Can we cancel that? Could that be over?
“The most destructive part of cancel culture is the lack of forgiveness or assumption that a person who has been ‘canceled’ can’t change from the person they used to be.” -    
 I've been trying to watch other comedy specials and they're all trash. This is the first one I haven't turned off in the first 10 mins. It's very spot on today's cancel culture.
"La cancel culture no sirve. Es una ilusión de Twitter".
Next time I hear someone write about how awful "cancel culture" has gotten I'm going to try to remember this sentence.      
We talked to Vietnamese-American poet Ocean Vuong about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
I have no opinions about "cancel culture" but do derive a bit of world-weary satisfaction when a leading cancel culture figure is brought down for old blogs or some such thing
"if only we rooted out and got rid of the cancellers, then cancel culture would be over and we would beat capitalism" is a perfect example of how our socialization gives us this ingrained perception and expectation of personal responsibility that we must work to end
I love the story of Megan Rapinoe's brother recovering from both drug addiction and being a neo-Nazi.  gets an avalanche of abuse for arguing that's possible. Cancel culture would never give Megan's brother another chance.   
I think it's pretty weird to locate the flaws / strengths of "cancel culture" in Millenial Ideology or whatever when it seems to me technological, we simply have a record of everything we all said and did now, and are figuring out how justice / forgiveness work in that context
 Just proves how fake the cancel culture is 😂🤣 they were all cheering for her then and would hate her now
Folks on the supposed left who whine about cancel culture and purity politics are the same people who think "Berlatsky wrote a book about Wonder Woman" is a devastating political criticism.
Pavlik Morozov Is the Patron Saint of Cancel Culture    via    
People also feel that public figures have no right to privacy. Within the “cancel culture”, people launch full on investigations into the online footprint of an influencer digging for anything they can find, in order to paint a narrative that will get the most clicks...
Part of this relates to “call outs” and “cancel culture” I don’t believe in “canceling” or silencing people you disagree with.  But I also think that reckless ppl with large followings, especially young audiences, are not above public criticism as public figures.
Un mondo senza Allen e Louis C.K.? Idee per salvarsi dalla cancel culture. Il New Republic propone di far parlare i molestatori -    
Cancel culture is like a decentralized version of the social credit system.   
      which I would assume already has ALL of this information and more, to make a decision based on all the evidence, and from that point on I'd like to have a larger and healthier discussion about outrage culture, cancel culture, and abuse in the metoo era.
What Next For Streaming Services In The Age Of Cancel Culture?   
I thought everybody got cancelled and cancellation was forever and cancel culture canceled cancelling cancels ...
Was watching Rise of the Shield Hero and in a weird way it actually in the series has an interesting take on “Cancel Culture”
We talked to Vietnamese-American poet Ocean Vuong about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
Also “call out /cancel culture” critiques are actively helping mis and disinformation because direct confrontation ? Is actually the Turing test but we don’t respect that when s Black women.
We talked to Vietnamese-American poet Ocean Vuong about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
Pavlik Morozov Is the Patron Saint of Cancel Culture    via    
 Item four is the cancel culture that is metastasizing in the publishing industry
We scrutinize with impossible standards our progressive artists and allies, imposing them through cancel culture, yet we don’t vote out our racist and bigoted politicians who are doing anything in their power to strip a lot of Americans off their rights.
Pavlik Morozov Is the Patron Saint of Cancel Culture    via    
I don't want this tweet to promote the idea of cancel culture, as it minimizes the importance of canceling people who actually deserve it.  But I do think people can step way outta line with it, and I'm not about letting people control me with their bullshit if I do little wrong.
This child saint of cancel culture.   
it happened to me: i was accused of participating in "cancel culture" for choosing not to date someone
I wish cancel culture would stop.
 It’s cancel culture at its most revolting. I’m legit shaken by all of this.
Notes on cancel culture and the #MeToo movement:   
cancel culture came for June huh that shit lasted like 15 minutes
 yup cancel culture would of had him outta here or atleast came for the writers.
 It’s disgusting how happy people are to ruin someone’s career/life w “cancel” culture.
if cancel culture exists explain james dolan
Cancel culture going strong.
  I find this thought more common than not rather than the other way around. Cancel culture at it’s finest.
 It's drawing attention to the severity of mental health online and how "cancel culture" and even shit as simple as "🤡", can drive a human being to suicide; we need to be more understanding and less like a mob cause it's "just the internet". How can you see bad in this message?
Don't forget that we welcome refugees from cancel culture over at    
Cancel culture also a big part of this too, but fueling it doesn’t help matters.   That being said, Uncle Joe is not remotely far from losing his grip on frontrunner status. Older Dems REALLY like him. Obama hardcore fans REALLY like him.  He has bigger immunity than you think.
 anyone can choose to listen or not. i just don't like cancel culture and how ppl assemble and declare a public boycott for social media points, especially while they condone other people who have more or less done the same thing or worse. its hypocritical and corny
Megan Thee Stallion () apologized for making a problematic post in high school and was still attacked.  The age of cancel culture doesn't allow people a chance to grow &amp; change and we need to discuss:      
For some reason, in the 'cancel culture' of 2019 different rules apply to Liam Gallagher. A prominent Glastonbury slot and relentless promotion by the BBC for this bully is deplorable      
  Cancel culture comin for Sara on this one, and she earned it.
Glastonbury  on messaging Jodie Comer, cancel culture and the problem with the Brits   
 Lmao cancel culture is 100% contingent on someone not having bad songs. Chris Brown, Kanye, Caesar....drop a good song or album and the selective amnesia hits lol
Does YA cancel culture have a point, and more of the best #books and #writing links from the past week:   
Cancel culture really sucks on a dance floor hey
how does cancel culture work for you what are the deciding factors?
cancel, cancel culture
not defending anyone but cancel culture is honestly not really it. It completely neglects the idea of anyone bettering and educating themselves which I thought that was the point.
Cancel culture vs stan culture is the 2019 version of unstoppable force meets immovable object
Black women who pointed this out and tried to stop this were named “call out/cancel culture “
Thread on why cancel culture doesn't exist and how it's used to broadly dismiss and gaslight the marginalized seeking accountability...or just speaking their truths.
But ultimately the realness is that because you read cancel culture as “black” you think you get to be god damn lazy . And the fact you’re black doesn’t make it OKAY
Wanna talk “cancel culture” bet : Culture has aesthetics, semantics, semiotics, seminal moments , etc. Talk Cancel culture ? Okay GO
Also I’m tired of these shallow ass readings of “cancel culture” that a) show you only read white writers and b ) are so god damn lazy about culture
People who start talking about “cancel culture” when conversations about accountability and context are happening, especially discussions that include (and should be led by) those who have been harmed or silenced, are the people I want to cancel.
REALLY good thread on “cancel culture.”
The irony of the Guardian complaining about identity politics and cancel culture is just too much.     
This is good content right here, and the natural conclusion of cancel culture. The leader of the Special Counsel Office, handpicked and plucked from private practice to serve, does not know the details of the exhaustive report his handpicked team authored under his name. Ok
 You should have stopped after the first tweet in this thread.  Cancel culture is toxic, but it’s really not a good look to try to make someone else’s suicide about yourself...
cancel culture takes one thing a person did no matter how big or small and makes a person look like a monster. it’s gross. it’s weird. and you guys should not be drilling people into the ground for everything. There’s some situations that deserve concern but for god sakes relax
This ain’t Delta Airlines, no need to announce your departure.  Why do y’all think people care if you unfollow when you disagree with 1 tweet?  Grow up, you’re too old for #cancelculture.  Only non-resilient, weak people resort to retreat at 1st sign of disagreement or conflict.   
Comedian  has a podcast! Neal and his co-host Bianca Sia hang out and talk about silly internet articles, cancel culture, facetuning, mental health, unpopular opinions, and much more. 🙃  Listen now! ➞      
 Like why even bring up the situation? I was saying all harassment is bad. I’ve said I don’t give a shit about my career and I’ll literally go work in a coffee shop again. This isn’t about me. This is about cancel culture taking a life.
Has ‘cancel culture’ gone too far? |         
We talked to Vietnamese-American poet Ocean Vuong about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
Cancel culture gonna destroy this guy...
Cancel culture out here today.
the Dixie Chicks’ treatment went down when I was in elementary school but the more I learn about it, it truly blows my mind. It was the absurd cancel culture that right wingers blame on SJW but it happened a decade before cancel culture was even really a thing.  THEY WERE RIGHT
when you criticize a presidential candidate, the answer "don't participate in cancel culture" (which is something someone actually responded to me with upon criticizing Warren) is concern trolling  you can not cancel people with institutional support
When ‘cancel culture' comes to knitting: Knitting Forum Bans All Trump-Related Content:      
 He rebranded as anti-"cancel culture."
NEW SERIES #GagOfTheMillennial In Episode one Luxeria &amp; I chat about YouTube Drama &amp; Cancel Culture! Let us know what you think!  FULL      
Should Black America cancel Michael Jackson like they did R. Kelly, or is the King of Pop "cancel culture" exempt?   
Only Keisha Nicole can get Donnell Rawlings this raw and honest about a number of topics from cancel culture to R. Kelly and being a relationship expert! Watch:   
cancel culture coming for student loans now? you love to see it
Why is Kyle Kashuv seemingly held to a higher standard than the Governor of Virginia?  MRCTV's  breaks down why cancel culture is out of control -- and heavily biased against conservatives.   
 it is, but i got angry at the fact you said someone should be cancelled over nothing  just maybe take away from this that cancel culture is so damn stupid and often ends in making things worse  obv very problematic people shouldnt be allowed to get away with things
"Has ‘cancel culture’ gone too far?" -  thinks we should try be a little more compassionate before we cancel.      
  So that means he should be "cancelled"? Lmao Cancel culture itself is so damn toxic
"Jackson once sang about looking at the “Man in the Mirror” and in the ten years after his death, it’s ironic that his legacy is forcing us to be honest with ourselves."  Thoughts on Michael Jackson, Black America &amp; cancel culture 10 years after his death.   
Why is Kyle Kashuv seemingly held to a higher standard than the Governor of Virginia?  MRCTV's  breaks down why cancel culture is out of control -- and heavily biased against conservatives.   
cancel culture is getting way outta hand kids
 "Cancel culture" claims Ditko at last. Alas the day. Or maybe it's just that they've reprinted this stuff before.
accelerating towards the post-cancel culture on The Old Town Road   
Facing Consequences: Considering Cancel Culture    via    
The #CancelCulture tipping point
  Cancel culture is exhausting sometimes
“Cancel culture is out of control!” the pearl clutches say as a serial sexual abuser is awarded a standing ovation and sold out gigs.
  I think the “cancel culture” needs to be a little less black and white at times. We need to be able to have an opportunity as flawed humans to make mistakes, within reason of course. And intent is a huge aspect of some people’s mistakes improperly judged. All love my man.
cancel culture run amok
What James Charles' return says about cancel culture   
Noah found himself in Cancel Culture crosshairs after old tweets of his resurfaced 👇🙅     
The Apocalyptic Cult of Cancel Culture | Psychology Today   
Noah found himself in Cancel Culture crosshairs after old tweets of his resurfaced 👇🙅     
Left-wing cancel culture is out of control      
 When did i ever even once say this was about that situation? It’s about cancel culture.... READ IT.
What James Charles' return says about cancel culture   
We talked to Vietnamese-American poet Ocean Vuong about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
 Paul has a sick obsession with me.  If he doesn't like me, leave me alone... but this is about Cancel Culture character assassination. But check it out-- he gets few RTs. He has zero influence.  Let him be.
Fascinating story. On John Wayne, Cancel Culture, and the Art of Problematic Artists    via 
 as soon as you put it on the internet Google Alerts across America light up and you're sent entire listservs worth of articles on "Cancel culture"
How on earth did the brilliant  become the locus of today’s cancel-culture shaming circle? Keep strong Bess, this won’t last more than a day
On "When They See Us", criminal justice reform, cancel culture, and the past echoing into the present:   
 This is why I always laugh at the framing “cancel culture”. My mother always turned off any radio playing this song, but she didn’t have Twitter or white male friends so there was no one to yell at her for ruining culture by not wanting to rock to a song about slave rape.
only "cancel culture" I'm worried about is American Airlines, folks
 Remember when they canceled Ye and he went #1. or R Kelly and his music increased by like 500%... Cancel culture is worse than the Klan.
anyone who says the words "cancel culture" and how they don't like it and it's really running too rampant should fold themselves into nothingness.  This includes people who say "I don't like cancel culture, but..."
EXCL:  on not wanting more kids, and why she's not into cancel culture   
Please read  on Kathleen Hale and Goodreads and cancel culture in the book world because it's nuanced and a hell of a read:  Kathleen Hale Came For Her Goodreads Critic. Then The Internet Came For Her.    via  
  Ah, makes sense. Most be the same groups always complaining about cancel culture coming after them
Did Nine stuff up or has cancel culture gone too far?  fans bite back!   
  Lol again, it was a joke mocking the outrage cancel culture. I’m not persecuted. I’m happy af. but I do know I’m one stupid comment away from an outage mob trying to destroy my life.  I guess it’s dark humor.
cancel culture is getting out of control   
The campaign to end “cancel culture” is by its very nature... “cancel culture”.  Thank you for attending my TEDtalk
“What's the value of atoning if it doesn't mean you're welcomed back into society?"  talks about “cancel culture” and looks back on the Twitter fire storm he faced after it was announced he was taking over hosting #TheDailyShow      
Hey but what if we didn’t use the term “cancel culture” to discuss RAPISTS as though they merely had a bad Twitter take.
We talked to Vietnamese-American poet Ocean Vuong about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
Using a racist slur and having your acceptance to Harvard rescinded does not make you a 'victim' of cancel culture.    
 I think the frame of the other argument is about Internet mobs. Agree or not, there is valid concern that overactive cancel culture ruins lives and careers regardless of what side of the political fence they live on.
I guess I don't care that much, but it's kind of weird how often people say "cancel culture" when they're just referring to "criticism"
so wild that a group of victims realizing they’ve been through the same thing &amp; spreading awareness to protect other women is  “cancel culture” but a guy psychically/emotionally tormenting women systematically for years is  “maybe he didn’t know what he was doing was wrong”🙃🙃🙃
I have my discomfort with cancel culture but a reckoning for Max Landis has been a long long long long long long long long long time coming. Thank you to  and all the incredible women who spoke with her.
This is also a suboptimal case for taking a stand on cancel culture and forgiving the mistakes of teenagers. As one of my colleagues tweeted, “College admissions is going to get even weirder if 17 year old applicants start asking not to be judged on their behavior at 16.”
My position on cancel culture is simple -- and these principles should apply to left and right:  1) Constitutional rights should be defended, always.  2) Private reprisals for apologized-for past statements should be rare.  3) There should be greater grace for kids.
Oh mannnnn wait until 2010's cancel culture comes for Jane Fonda.
 In five years anybody who participated in #cancelculture will be stigmatized.
  Which is not to say that our politics (or our policies!) were all that healthy to begin with, the increase of cruelty-as-strategy on the right and cancel culture on the left is making things worse.
Counter culture has become cancel culture.
We talked to Vietnamese-American poet Ocean Vuong about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
Debate "cancel culture" all you want. But one thing has been clear for years: FUCKING CANCEL MAX LANDIS, THE FUCKING END.
Cancel culture was designed for people like Max Landis and I hope it fucking works.   
 That’s fine with me. I couldn’t care less about Harvard. I just know that our current “cancel culture” offers no path to redemption. I think everyone deserves that. We are all capable of changing and growth. That was my point
Cancel culture is canceled
As leaders in the industry, we must use these negative moments to push the conversation forward. We must take the crack and break it wide open. Cancel Culture is a thing, but we can figure out how to best serve the affected community afterward. ~ #CannesLions #TheLook
~ talks about Cancel Culture. Can we take negative situations and turn them around? Can we create a pipeline so that women and POC can get loans for franchises, because they're underrepresented? Can we look at what the executive ranks look like? #CannesLions #TheLook
 I'm sitting here waiting for cancel culture to finally get OJ and Bill off my TL and yet people say it's running rampant
Cancel culture doesn’t exist.
 Cancel culture is now an inflammatory term and must be retired? Do you have any substitute terms that are okay to use instead?
 Not doubting your the history I just don't think "cancel culture" is turning the masses against him
Cancel culture comes for Woody Guthrie's "This Land Is Your Land": a new piece at Smithsonian Folklife denounces much-loved song for not acknowledging land as belonging to Indian/aboriginal inhabitants, as opposed to "you and me"   
Torn apart: the vicious war over young adult books.  Authors who write about marginalized communities are facing abuse, boycotts and even death threats. What is cancel culture doing to #YAfiction?   
Apparently Twitter is trying to ‘cancel’ OJ Simpson now as well. What did he ever do? Cancel culture has once again gone too far 🙄
Fuck all this cancel culture! 🖕🏽
My new band is called cancel culture club
. shares his thoughts on cancel culture. “I’m willing to be uncomfortable because I know one day I may say something,” Killer Mike says.    #postlive   
In case you missed it,  cancelled cancel culture and ended stan wars by declaring there are no losers in the pop game of thrones, only queens (they all got crowns, don’t step on their gowns) #YNTCDMusicVideo   
If you want to read more about the poisonous spread of cancel culture, pre-order my book, which comes out TOMORROW   
. and our #NeedToKnow panelists  and  weigh in on cancel culture, the importance of inclusion, and the significance of ’s Most Powerful Drag Queens cover   
To Whom It May Concern:  Considering that we live in the time of guilt by association &amp; outrage/cancel culture...  I would like to formally take this opportunity to disavow &amp; apologize for everything &amp; everyone.  My own self &amp; past actions included.  Thank you for consideration.
Cancel culture is bad, bad, bad. It's odd that we want to excommunicate people who do or say bad things after they've worked to atone for it. Isolation and resentment are most likely outcomes of cancel culture.
What are your thoughts about "cancel culture" and #YA lit? "Torn apart: the vicious war over young adult books"      
 What does this have to do with cancel culture? Why did you write this post and then also pretend an artist being criticized for their work somehow has a more intense impact?
       Was cancel culture critical or very effective?
Is this your cancel culture?
It’s like how abusers see any calls for accountability as an attack on them. Their perception is flawed and by bringing out “cancel culture” as something to condemn, regular people/trolls help redefine reality.
Cancel culture doesn’t exist. It’s just a label that people in power put on any consequences that they don’t like.
Heard Michael Jackson out and about in a few places this past week and nobody batted an eyelid. Perhaps he’s too big to fail or maybe Cancel Culture is just something for twitter yelling and Think Pieces and the general populace don’t really give a shit.
 My fave bit is where she basically cancels cancel culture and the comparisons between successful women 👑 And I think there will be a couple more big pop bops on the album (18 tracks in all so plenty of room for them) but also excited to see the full spectrum of songs!
so anyway Taylor Swift said screw your cancel culture, screw your homophobia, and screw your disgusting habit of pitting women against one another. all in one song. iconic.
 I just.... I have no coherent response to that.  I'm not a fan of cancel culture but lort above.
Styled in the latest grails, we caught up with  in London to talk plans for the future, cancel culture, and the craziest person who follows him on Instagram --      
Can cancel culture just be canceled already?
Taylor’s songwriting never ceases to amaze me. #YouNeedToCalmDown addresses cancel culture, it’s a millennial bop that has more hooks than I know what to do with. It’s a carefully crafted track that deserves the entire world’s undivided attention. I’m so proud of my queen.   
 South Central with Lorenz Tate...But I thought you were just talking bout cancel culture but yes South Central off top!👀
I’m not for cancel culture but Jessica Beil is in time out.
 As a writer, I’m more annoyed by the redundant “for good”. Implies the writer believes cancel to mean postpone. That said, I’m entirely behind a move to replace “cancel culture” with “postpone culture”.
pc and cancel culture can certainly be off putting and there’s a lot of debate on it in the left. but if you truly feel like you’ve been pushed away and now believe that systemic racism is made up- remember your initial skepticisms that led you down this rightwing path to begin w
I wish cancel culture was real. Biden would be so very cancelled.
mmm presumably that cancel culture has a finite limit when $$$ is involved
But to my fellow artists in charge of long-in-the-tooth properties, let me warn you, do not introduce an Otto to your future-facing reboots because you will fall victim to cancel culture in mere moments. Here's the only other thing I can remember from the dream:   
   Bill is a professional with decades of A-list work and next level performances.  His reputation in Hollywood is not in question. The “cancel” culture thing is dangerous.
“Cancel culture “ is a mutation of fallout which is hi I feel bad versus I’ve lost money and a livelihood.
The cancel culture things is how FEELING and effect need to be separated and how we do need to take care of feelings but that doesn’t make them FACTS
Also as a materialist... this “ but cancel culture “ and bookstores pulled .... Madam . It’s still in Libraries,used book stores, you can self publish .
Last week  swooped in and gave us her thoughts on abortion, cancel culture, the PC movement and a left us with a message that everyone needs to hear. 📢  Watch Here  ▶️       #HowdYouDoIt   
 Cancel culture got him, literally
Not generally a fan of cancel culture, but Kylie can get fucked for this tone deaf mess.
when you can dodge bullets but can’t dodge cancel culture
  I just caught up on what’s going on. Outrage and cancel culture has got people just bypassing any nuance and critical thinking and just going to straight blind range. It’s hugely upsetting to see this happening time and time again
like when will y’all realize cancel culture does NOT work
 It was a massive, ghastly mistake on her part. I'm merely observing it's a challenging time to be a feminist storyteller and I worry people will back off completely due to cancel culture/no room for learning, growth, apology. More Entourage for everyone!
 far too many nuisances to get a straight yes or no answer. I also hate this cancel culture. We've all made mistakes. (Admittedly this i a pretty big one) Do i think he should be Prime Minister probably not.
i'm still mad about this dumb piece, although i am looking forward to its sequel "cancel culture comes for carolyn bryant"
 "The Mobbing of Moriarty: When Cancel Culture Comes for the Wrong Professor"
We talked to Vietnamese-American poet Ocean Vuong about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
Wrote about this and cancel culture for     
 I read the above piece and I am still digesting it, in response to your thought that this was cancel culture playing out. But this piece was interesting in helping me begin to contextualise.
 i'm not into this cancel culture stuff but we need to get this guy fired. you take r, i'll take n, i'll assign searching the f slur to someone else
One small step for man. One giant leap for cancel culture.
 Bonjour à tous, comment va le monde de la cancel culture en 2065 ???? Un procès populaire prévu aujourd'hui ? Rayonnante journée à vous tous!
Lololololol Lebron be on the internet trying to get people fired just like the rest of us. Cancel culture indeed.
Fake outrage and cancel culture is not the right way to respond to fake outrage and cancel culture.  In context, there is nothing offensive in Carlos' tweet. Now, let's hope that some of his friends apply the same charity to their perceived enemies.   
How do you all really feel about cancel culture?   
actually cancel culture hasn't gone far enough
   It was painful to watch! The beautiful baby wasn’t even on this earth for no more than 5 min &amp; already being judged by her own blood! I also am not for cancel culture, I believe in redemption and learning from Ones mistakes so I hope this opens the mother’s eyes - literally!
 more proof that cancel culture isn't real
It’s here! This week ⁦⁩ and I discuss leaving the Left, Thomas Jefferson, comedy, the bravery deficit in our culture, the Intellectual Dark Web, journalists becoming activists, cancel culture and classical liberalism. #WalkInsWelcome   
This moment. This picture. This interview is a lesson in professionalism &amp; grasping the celebrity brand game, and putting petty &amp; cancel culture that’s so pervasive in our industry because of faux fandom on social media in the dust where it belongs.  ✊🏿 &amp;    
This  editor's letter from 1999 — 20 years ago — still has relevant points to make in today's cancel culture: "It’s not about protecting people […] Isn’t it time that these self-appointed cultural saviors stopped trying to save us?"   
We talked to Vietnamese-American poet Ocean Vuong about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
Just had my thought leader  in the house for #WalkInsWelcome and everyone should pre-order his book. Fascinating talk about media, cancel culture, campus hysteria and why everyone hates libertarians.
CANCEL CULTURE IS NOT REAL. I can’t name not one successful cancellation in cancel culture
We talked to Vietnamese-American poet Ocean Vuong about both the danger and importance of being seen as an immigrant in America, and why “cancel culture” isn’t the best way to make strides in literature:      
Bumping my Q&amp;A with Ocean Vuong and screenshotting his thoughts on cancel culture because they’re so good.   
Has #CancelCulture gone too far?  Watch the full episode of #GirlsWithGoals here:      
I don't love "cancel culture." It's too unforgiving for my taste. BUT if your actions help lead to the public traumatization and incarceration of children, you COULD maybe say sorry? Not this lady, damn.   
There is a resounding public indifference to the recent Martin Luther King Jr. allegations, which appear tailor-made for the “cancel culture” politics of the #MeToo era.  Via  at     
 That gif is A+ &amp; this story has me fuming. To use cancel culture against a small artist because god forbid you asked for your worth.People should know where their money is potentially going &amp; I hope people see how ugly that “company” is.Your work is bomb, dont let this get to you
 It's hard. In a world with closed-minded executives, reductive and limiting views of queer talent and toxic cancel culture it can seem impossible. I get around this by ensuring that I'm always working on at least one thing that is 100% my creation. No commissioner, no brand etc.
I talked to Ocean Vuong about his new novel, Tiger Woods, and cancel culture, and he is a marvel.   
cancel culture is absolutely pernicious and the enemy of creativity, whether it comes from the left or the right.  uniquely seem to be caught in a pincer movement between the two, which suggests to me they must be doing something right.
 Ridiculous ban you ate at the purple place. Well said with your parting statement, though. Cancel culture is way out of control.  There are far better gaming forums out there to call home, y'know.
cancel culture gets personal at my workout class   
Constant cancel culture has destroyed my ability to uncritically watch free-to-air tv and damn you Twitter
Sick of cancel culture
Worst examples of cancel culture (other than James Charles)... GO!
 That’s not the point. I do not, repeat DO NOT want to contribute to cancel culture. I love Vanjie, and don’t think she was using the word to be hateful. I just have a lot of feelings about it. They’re complicated, because there are many layers.
    It's not about "bad jokes" and "cancel culture", Frost's consistently stated ideology is bad and the reasons she alienates people are really fucking obvious  It's not even in the same ballpark as people dragging Natalie for irony poisoned shitposts
 "Cancel culture" is defined as the rabid intolerance of people on the left. That's possible because instances of right intolerance are ignored and presented as irrelevant to a discussion about free speech, I think.
 I think defining cancel culture so it doesn't include right wing terrorism is bad!
Like, you think after my experience at Harlot Media (which was unfairly hounded out of existence) and my relationship with Chloe Sagal (RIP) that I have any patience with horseshit cancel culture then come at me and get blocked and forgotten. I don't need you.
  Indeed often cancel culture involves nobodies becoming somebodies by cancelling existing somebodies
This week on You Can Tell Me Anything, Anthony Atamanuik () confesses that as young man he was an incel. We talk about how he shifted his perspective &amp; why cancel culture can be damaging to progress. Listen on Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, all the things.   
Cancel culture proves that being a fan these days can be just a simple follow/unfollow
#Twitch star  had quite a bit to say about ‘cancel culture’ 😅    
QUICK! More #FREE tickets are now available for tomorrow's #VioletNights when the discussion topic will be #CancelCulture with    and chair  Book now:       
Recently,  sparked an important debate on “cancel culture” in sexism – and it's definitely worth your time      
I’m not into cancel culture so let’s just say the term “my lady friend” is... not being picked up for season 167.
Wow I can’t believe people are reacting to cancel culture that’s so weird whoever would have seen that coming.
“We’ve all said shit online that we are like, that was actually not ok at the time”    talking cancel culture, making mistakes and more in this week’s episode of #GirlsWithGoals 🎧  Watch the full episode here:      
WHEN DRAMA GOES TOO FAR. In this week’s #TeaTuesday video I’M asking YOU; has cancel culture gone too far?       
Thursday's #VioletNights our social space for young people, sees #CancelCulture debated. In an age of problematic faves, bad branding and allegations of abuse, what does it mean to cancel your favourite artist, celebrity or brand and is it effective? Join:      
Last week, when I was off Twitter, I posted an episode of my podcast with Robyn Kanner in which we discussed cancel culture and empathy and addiction and desperation and (more importantly) the NBA    
This week’s #GirlsWithGoals 🎧   ► ‘Cancel’ culture ► Love Island contestants  ► James Charles  Listen here for all of the TEA:      
 (Dear new people, I am just joking. This tweet is a play on cancel culture.) okay. Bye.
On 'Cancel Culture': What It Means To Write People Off In #SocialMedia    via  #Celebrities   
#FromTheClubToTheCross | Mondays &amp; Fridays 12-1 |   In today's episode, Pastor Selwyn discusses Cancel Culture as well as this generation's understanding of forgiveness.   #TouchHD #EpicContent   
And watching mostly white woman not in certain kinds of journalism make it seem like it’s “call out “ or “cancel” culture
Interviewed  for my podcast -- talked about cancel culture and mental health and the NBA. Because of the interview, she has been cancelled. Luckily she was already cancelled and cancellations cancel each other out, so she's back to normal now.    
Plus  on summer rituals and my column on the unnecessary evil of cancel culture:   
  I think it is salient that Jamie is a woman and I was/probably still am by many people a read-as-male person. I also think we may have simply reached a tipping point with cancel culture.
Jameela Jamil just sparked an important debate on “cancel culture” in sexism:      
.  just sparked an important debate on “cancel culture” in sexism:      
 I said this to you when we met and before everything blew up, but you’ve done a competent job addressing all the issues of late. Cancel culture sucks but I think you might lead a turn around on it. Keep growing, learning, stay grounded and you’ll be rewarded by your followers ❤️
 The cancel culture is lamer than ANY of the really dumb movements/groups.. this includes the Klan, people who put fruit in mac n cheese and Red Sox fans.
“I’m going through my riot grrrl phase”:  on cowboys, cancel culture and playing  festival      
 Yeah once people have the "power" to feel like they're canceling people they start acting like EVERY person needs to be treated with zero tolerance policies. But cancel culture isn't real and no one really gets canceled. So I don't worry about it too much.
Lots of cancel culture drama right now about Tyson's tacos in Austin and the owner being a "Trumpy shitbag" as many-a-internet-commenter claims. Everyone knows Rosita's and Discada are better, not sure who ate at Tyson's anyway.   But also, cancel culture is deeply dumb.
Just had to explain what cancel culture, pizza gate and milkshake duck is to the same person it’s sometimes sobering to realise that most people are not sweaty dweebs who live on the internet
“I’m going through my riot grrrl phase”:  on cowboys, cancel culture and playing        
Thank you for articulating part of my problem with the term "cancel culture" it erases the power dynamics, such is vital context
 Honestly, i think just being specific about the situation is the best. I think “cancel culture” has become such an umbrella term that it’s so vague and i think that’s part of the problem and how it got weaponized to dismiss people making legit boundaries.
 So I def think that ostracizinf people does cause harm. But the term cancel culture feels very politicized in a way that feels more mocking and like backlash. Sorta like how "triggered" has been misappropriated for minimization
 How do you define canceled? Bc if you mean by getting ostracized, I've experienced that too because I outed my abuser.  But victims have been getting ostracized forever. The term cancel culture didn't appear until POC, survivors started getting heard a tiny bit more
 Tbh I don't think cancel culture actually exists. I think it's backlash against normally disempowered people setting boundaries and calling people out.  Like, do people ever actually get "canceled"? I haven't seen it but I know I'm just one person.
Have any of the Dems running for president said *anything* about the threat of Cancel Culture?
Streaming's cancel culture problem     
Cancellation Is Coming. Streaming's cancel culture problem    #login   
Looking forward to my talk at the Friedman Conf in Sydney this Sunday. What happens to freedom in a platform economy and cancel culture when your bank, your car or your smarthome can deplatform you for violating their terms of service with your wrongthink?
Hey so I am sorry that I did not go to bat for you,  during your, erm, cancellation. I did and do admire you, Jamie. That never changed. And I will not be intimidated into silence again. No more cancel culture for good people.
New Coke was the original cancel culture
 it’s also clear what you think after reading the rethorical questions in paragraph two of your note. I’m just disagreeing with your –subtle or not, direct or not– contribution to the seasonal cancel culture against tarantino.
"It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it!"  -Upton Sinclair  “If you need large groups to pretend not to understand something obvious, you’ll need to tie employability to never acknowledging it.”  -Cancel Culture
I’m on the latest episode of Soul Anarchist Podcast.   we talk about record #4, broadway, self editing ur own art, killing my heroes, cancel culture, psychedelics, religion, sex, suicide, ex Mormons, ex boyfriends, open relationships &amp; more. Listen wherever u listen to podcasts!   
Cancel Culture and Vampires      
  Cancel Culture doesn't exist. The only way one truly gets 'cancelled' is if they stop uploading content, their content becomes stale or they switch channel direction.
I'm saying all this as someone who despises "cancel culture" — but also thinks it's a symptom. It's what happens when our interactions are mediated by the internet AND when people are tired and pissed off.   And some of us have more reason to be pissed off than others.
 From what I’ve heard it’s to stop cancel culture. I can see why it’d help. You’ll still see your own sub growth in your studio I hope/imagine
Richard Wagner was born #OTD in 1813. His artistic mastery and influence are undeniable... but so are his racist and anti-semitic beliefs. How do we responsibly program his music in 2019, amid #CancelCulture?   
Re-sharing what I wrote about James Charles last week because I've just finished watching his response video and honestly cancel culture needs to be CANCELLED (🙃) the boy nearly lost his career 'cos a 37y/o came for him, we now see, quite unfairly. Not OK   
YouTube va modifier la manière dont s'affiche le nombre d'abonnés. Cela pourrait changer beaucoup de choses, notamment pour les dramas et la "cancel culture".    
 I missed the part of the lawsuit that said “BANKS TOOK MY MONEY”-Tfue  Tfue is claiming that faze clan cut brand deals and he never saw $ from it. Let’s WAIT until court is done to pick a side. Professionalism is remaining neutral publically, not cancel culture.
i invoke cancel culture on this fucking cat toy assuming my cat’s gender and pronouns in the instruction manual is insensitive and cruel   
Cancel culture: What is it and why do we thrive on it?   
Rumour is however they're doing this to try and stem the "cancel culture" sweeping across the site at the moment - with such accurate values being public, it's easy to start a movement to send the number tumbling down.  Change goes live in August.
YouTube plans to round up &amp; abbreviate sub numbers for expl 10,676,654 will read 10M &amp; that same abbreviation will be sent to third parties like  . Rumor is that they did it to stop cancel culture. (I don’t like or agree with this move) We need real time SB numbers!   
. looks at how the James Charles - Tati Westbrook drama exploded &amp; how toxic cancel culture is in the commentary community. Shadenfreude is a powerful emotion, but maybe cancel culture needs to be cancelled.    
Be sure to read 's excellent, depressing, cold-water bath on how woke social media mobs eat their own and why cancel culture inquisitions are unlikely to abate any time soon.    
  Incidentally have you noticed he's no longer live anymore? Cancel culture run amok.
 How do you cancel something that's already cancelled 🤔 This cancel culture is more confusing than a fish with legs   
New video!  We examine the toxicity of cancel culture, and the reality of schadenfreude: taking joy in others’ misery 🧐  Last week was James Charles, but who’ll be canceled next?  CANCEL Culture &amp; The Politics of Schadenfreude | James Charles Drama   
cancel culture strikes again   
As long as we are on the subject here's the deal....some of the reaction comments to the slander tweet reveal some key things that are deeply disturbing: 1. The "cancel" culture uses more pretext than context and is largely unforgiving. 2. Some of us have no stomach for tackling
 Absolute true, it's a shame because I feel like I am also being manipulated myself to play a role in this cancel culture
 Now post the catholic ones! You’re a good cancel culture foot soldier!
Had to google what on earth this could be in reference to and discovered 2 web celebs I had never heard of and this era-relevant term: cancel culture 🙄KG is right !   
I hope this will be the end of ‘cancel culture’ now
 Pls stop bullying me... I’ll make a YouTube video and get cancel culture on  your ass 😂😂😂
About to go on  to have a lil chat about cancel culture   
Engaging with drama is not good for your mental health. If you see it, avoid it, don’t get involved with other peoples’ drama and walk away. I wish “uplift culture” could top “cancel culture”... but here we are.
Historically - people who share your level of influence and features have done WORSE and straight up THRIVED afterwards lmfao like its fucking CRAZY.  But the people have had enough.  And though Cancel Culture is now out of fucking control, a dialogue should still happen. (16/25)
 The moment I watched Tati's video I instantly went on the slander train against you which is contributing to the toxic cancel culture and for that I apologize. What's more is though I felt my words wise, i've reached out to you via DM hoping to help you think.(1/25)
Can we cancel “cancel culture”. The irony.
Cancel culture has to stop.  is human like the rest of us, only his mistakes are public with millions literally weighing in on an issue that has nothing to do with them. Remember that regardless of follower count, there’s a real person reading it on the other end.
Cancel culture needs to be canceled. Everybody seems to be guilty until proven otherwise. Let’s take time with things.
i dont tweet a lot because most of the time im scared of the internet. BUT this whole ‘cancel culture’ thing is extremely dangerous &amp; ridiculous. stop being little dick heads &amp; be nice. stop giving into the theatrics of ‘cancelling’ somone. our planets dying. focus on that. bye x
 I feel the same way. I even get sucked into commenting about stuff. Hopefully the tide changes and something else becomes popular besides cancel culture.
I would like to take the time to give a massive 🖕🖕🖕 to the people that were condescending in their responses to this tweet. There is ALWAYS three sides to every story. This “cancel culture” is fucked up and needs to stop. Check your idols before they control your opinions
this whole “cancel culture” era is hella annoying to me honestly
 It feels like a parody of cancel culture but like something someone made freshman year in RTVF and they didn’t totally understand satire nor the thing they were satirizing? I don’t believe any of these characters are real.
Please tell me "bandwagon hate" and "cancel culture" are not replacing logics and critical thinking... James Charles brings out the receipts in his latest video on the Tati Westbrook feud   
"We have these conversations around this idea of ‘cancel culture.' But we don’t really talk about, like, 'How do people make those things right?'” Wyatt Cenac gives  his take on American society:   
I think the important thing we need to take away from the James and Tati drama is that social media is not a place to address private issues, and that “cancel culture” is toxic.
But also, these beauty gurus are ppl I watch regularly. We see their lives, care about their opinions, &amp; so it's no wonder we are captivated by the drama. It humanizes them. Even with receipts, experiences are personal. I say cancel culture is cancelled.
Prison is the founder of #cancelculture
Cancel Culture - The Problem With Public Shaming.  full video:      
 the whole "cancelled" shit has been the biggest problem in this whole thing. even AFTER james' video to assume we know the entire story or that any of our little opinions are relevant is absurd. they need to just handle this shit in private from now on. and cancel culture is over
Tati Westbrook: Cancel culture is wrong.   James Charles: Cancel culture is toxic.   The Internet: you’re right! Let’s cancel that other person.   🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
no one on the internet is going to accept responsibility for this whole thing. everybody fuels cancel culture so they can feel better about themselves at night and its gross. we still might not know the full story. so lets just try to love everybody.
If you get the chance go back and watch my video about cancel culture.  We talk a lot about seeing the recpeits and second chances and it's more true today than it was the day I posted it.  Hope this turns into a lesson for all of us about cancel culture.
. I’d like to take a moment to refer back to our first video about  when we asked you to wait for the facts &amp; let this play out. Cancel culture needs to stop. We are better than the hate spewed across the Internet. YouTube is a place for creation &amp;
I feel so bad for  the Internet is a savage place, where people are happy to try and destroy someone’s career without proof.   Cancel culture needs to end before it ends up taking someone’s life 💖
did james charles just cancel cancel culture
It's not that I don't believe in forgiveness because I definitely do, but it's telling that James Charles can be uncanceled, by some people so easily. Cancel culture is silly. Let's stop pretending.
Dude  was innocent, I can't believe that so many people got manipulated by that.   This proves that people's mob mentality and cancel culture needs to change.  Even tho I said nothing publicly on the matter I feel so sorry for James dude, he got so much hate...
Upon another read this piece, it is even less coherent. The examples he cites aren’t millennials. The tweet he cites is by someone living in NORTHERN IRELAND and is hardly an example of overheated cancel culture. An editing process that included factchecking would help.
The recent controversy surrounding YouTube beautician James Charles teaches some valuable lessons about "cancel culture," the thirst for drama on social media, and the importance of measuring what we say online.   
 Cancel culture doesn’t serve our greater good. ✨
WIRED’s Emma Grey Ellis joins this week’s Gadget Lab podcast to explain the latest YouTube drama and discuss the implications of “cancel culture.”   
cancel culture is out of control   
Beauty product reviews on YouTube aren’t just about products and internet capitalism. They’re a conduit for drama, loyalty politics, &amp; “cancel culture." On this week's Gadget Lab podcast,  talks about this and more:      
    Universities can pretend whatever they want, though the best way to work it is simply not to teach the subject in question. Cancel culture, anyone?
you only have to look at the last week's situation with james charles to see how quickly cancel culture can turn against you (and not that i'm saying he is) but even when you are trying to be honest and make an honest statement or apology, it can backfire.
i know a lot of bloggers don't have the strength to speak up about something they are not trained or fully understood in, with the large worry of going 'viral' or the terrifying notion of 'cancel culture' hanging in the balance should they get it wrong or make an honest mistake
YouTube's beauty wars aren't just about makeup, cancel culture sometimes has the opposite of the desired effect, and other things I learned from  on our  podcast this week   
  I’m a fan of Eminem and I don’t care that he’s used it in his music and it doesn’t bother me the least if you’re singing it in a lyric of a song.  Never give into blackmail or #cancelculture and never be afraid to make mistakes and live your life.
The James Charles and Tati Westbrook feud reveals the limits of YouTube cancel culture 🚫  
 what is Cancel Culture
'Emerging Hollywood' host  sat with  to talk about her past anorexia, feminism, and why she doesn't subscribe to cancel culture:      
i just found croissant flakes in my hair, cancel culture do ya thing
Cancel Kyle | Richard Seymour on Patreon     I wholeheartedly endorse this instance of 'cancel culture'.
Today we are going to start cancelling cancel culture.  Tune into  #CompoundCucks   
    Yes, surprised cancel culture has missed it
 I interviewed James on Friday before the pitch forks were at full height. Here’s him on cancel culture. People have not learned, clearly      
A vital component to this super-important James Gunn quote is that his situation was NEVER part of #MeToo or "cancel culture" - it was a staged attempt to manipulate those things by disingenuous outside actors.
"We have these conversations around this idea of ‘cancel culture.' But we don’t really talk about, like, 'How do people make those things right?'” Wyatt Cenac gives  his take on American society:   
Cancel culture is never helpful. It doesn’t matter who it is or what they’ve done, it’s not productive and it’s not healthy. Either give constructive criticism or unfollow/block them. Dragging people for sport is the most toxic part of social media and we need to stop fuelling it
i don’t have the full inside scoop of this James Charles BS because I simply don’t care enough, but y’all... im SO over this mob mentality that is “cancel culture.” it is absolutely disgusting. YES, he did wrong! unfollow him &amp; MOVE ON! don’t take part in ruining his life?!
i don’t have to know who or what someone did to know that it’s not right to take part in this disgusting “cancel culture” mentality - kids on the internet take this shit way too far and say the most inhumane things. THATS all I’m saying!
Lies, betrayal, and veiled homophobia: The James Charles and Tati Westbrook feud reveals the limits of YouTube cancel culture 🚫   
the ‘cancel’ culture is so tricky. you can’t be out here shitting on people just because it’s the new trend; with no research/experience of your own. you could be taking on karma that wasn’t even for you.
cancel culture do ur thing   
"You introduce an artist when you play their songs... but you don't *un-introduce* an artist when you stop playing their songs." So how do you make that distinction without editorializing or making a huge #cancelculture statement? - 's  at #NonComm   
"We're losing one man who made us lose however many talents on the air."  on "cancel culture" when it comes to artists like Ryan Adams // #NonComm
"We have these conversations around this idea of ‘cancel culture.' But we don’t really talk about, like, 'How do people make those things right?'” Wyatt Cenac gives  his take on American society:   
Down 3 million followers including famous friends and the allegations continue to roll in, while some are now calling for a stop to "cancel culture" as they fear for ' well being.     #JamesCharles #TatiWestbrook
The NYT has written an article (no interview):    A good summary. Some people are now making videos of them destroying Charles' merchandise. I also like how it talks about the rise of 'drama channels' on YouTube and how all this feeds into 'cancel culture'
 Not trying to justify sexual harassment or predatory behaviors. Wasn’t really talking about that situation on here, more about cancel culture in general and how my YouTube feed is just filled with drama now instead of fun
Apparantly a few of my audeince members did NOT like my take on cancel culture.  I'll accept that its unpopular but I won't accept that its a bad take.  Good riddance, I guess.   
  It’s a light jab at best, I’m not one of those cancel culture dickheads who think his entire career should be over, he just needs a slap on the wrist and to be humbled a bit, that’s it.
YouTuber  has lost three million followers in the space of days after his former muse went online to say she felt betrayed by him.   Has the "cancel culture" has gone too far?    
~ STFU II wax pre-order ~  “In this time of colossal distractions, easy trouble online, heavy trolling &amp; cancel culture; this project provides an alternative to instead..just lay back, stay outta trouble &amp; simply ‘glyde’. Nothing illegal about that, right?”  
and full disclosure i do think james charles is getting what he deserves for his behavior. that doesn’t mean all cancel culture is okay.
Down 3 million followers and the allegations continue to roll in, while some are now calling for a stop to "cancel culture" as they fear for James Charles' well being.      
cancel culture is so toxic, people just form mobs and start cancelling everybody for every little thing (most of which i guarantee they’re guilty of themselves) and it’s never even to serve real justice its just so they can feel better about their own actions.
aw this aint literally it at all sweetie jeffree is constantly advocating for POC. cancel culture at its finest.
Take-down cancel culture will be in kids text books in the future and we'll be ashamed
“He’s 19”. Well said,  .  What to make of this “cancel culture.”?  I find it pretty disturbing all around.
 Yep.  That's cancel culture. Honestly, humans have been doing this since, well, before the witch trials I guess. I think the internet has made it easier - it's like a giant village with pitch forks. 😂  I wonder whether it's society or just a messed up part of human nature.
Is “cancel culture” here to stay ??
Point of today's video is simple.    Cancel culture is a great weapon to be used against truly awful people.  But it needs to be a scalpel, and not a club.  We have to wield it efficiently and effectively against the RIGHT people.  End of opinion.
I clearly say this in the video, several times, because I know people can be idiots.  But its not stopping people from being idiots, I'm afraid.  The point of the video is to say cancel culture is a great weapon against such things. but needs to be wielded with efficiency.
This is live:  I'm willing to listen and learn if I am wrong but I do not believe that I am wrong.  I think cancel culture has its uses, but at the rate its going we'll have canceled every single creator by the end of the year.  We need to use it carefully   
 same here.  I go into that in great detail, that sometimes cancel culture is well worth it.
Don't try to tell me Cancel Culture is real when Mel Gibson still has a career.     
Social media's #CancelCulture results in a public shaming that can sometimes feel like witch hunts. In the wake of his latest feud,  subscriber count dropped substantially over the weekend. Is it time to #CancelJamesCharles?   
Let’s please CANCEL cancel culture and choose compassion instead.
Some thoughts on the James Charles scandal and the dangers of "cancel culture" and Trial by Twitter....
Mel Gibson's completely unearned comeback should be all the proof you need that so-called "cancel culture" is a myth.
I wrote about the James Charles scandal and "cancel culture"....     
 Agree. 1st it was that creepy projared who I don’t feel bad for at alllll &amp; then James. I’m not really into cancel culture because we all F up &amp; do stupid things, especially at his age but he handled it badly &amp; if u aren’t humble, life will humble you-so lesson learned hopefully
 I really really really didn’t wanna say a word because I hate cancel culture so like James honey if u see this I meant no harm I just couldn’t resist I’m awful
  100% 💖💖💖 That’s exactly why this whole cancel culture is stupid. What happened to boycotting and peaceful protest? Lol
Fuck this James Charles drama is STAGGERING - deserved or not, "cancel culture" is extraordinary- I can't help but feel concern for a 19 y/o to now be on the receiving end of abuse from millions of people who up until recently hero-worshiped the guy to the level of fame he was at
At the #MetGala, Dapper Dan Stands By Gucci and Stands Up to Cancel Culture   
 Cancel culture blows my mind
 I don’t even know his drama, what he do??? I try to stay out of “cancel culture” now since I’ve been on the receiving end and know how quickly people are to mob towards ending ppl 🤧🤧🤧
 I understand, but in totality he has a history of doing some fucked up things. Some of them are illegal, while others are not. It's not cancel culture when it's a pattern of behavior, you know?
Not down for cancel culture but sometimes every now and then it’s necessary   
 Not speaking to this situation specifically but cancel culture is def an over correction from when everyone got away with everything.
   Oh it’s not the problematic . It’s the wait he got the job?!? like when folks talk about cancel culture
  Lindsey Ellis is the epitoment of Cancel Culture. #freespeech #freepebbles #thepebblesactuallycostquitealotofmoney
this cancel culture is v scary...but also...just be a good person???
Cancel culture is real and powerful
We need to get this canceled!!!! Hello #CancelCulture, get #Loqueesha
What could I talk about for 30 mins with no prep?  - All forms of violence against women - Ageism - Stilettos  - Vintage VWs  - Harry Potter  - How cancel culture is incompatible with consent culture - MMA - Making the vegan version of your favourite dish - How to travel light
11. We’re living in a time of high anxiety. We want to save face. We’re afraid cancel culture will destroy us. For white people, our fears are often exaggerated via the same internalized white supremacist mechanisms that elevate white feelings over black lives in our society.
Jameela Jamil may be passionate but that doesn't mean she supports cancel culture! 👏🏼   
“Twitter mob” and “cancel culture” also known as good people objecting to long historical abuse.
Opinion: I broke the controversial Liam Neeson story. Since then, I've learnt something important about 'cancel culture'   
At the #MetGala, Dapper Dan Stands By Gucci and Stands Up to Cancel Culture   
Opinion: I broke the controversial Liam Neeson story. Since then, I've learnt something important about 'cancel culture'   
Opinion: I was the one who broke the controversial Liam Neeson story. Since then, I've learnt something important about 'cancel culture'   
Opinion: I was the one who broke the controversial Liam Neeson story. Since then, I've learnt something important about 'cancel culture'   
I was the one who broke the controversial Liam Neeson story. Since then, I've learnt something important about 'cancel culture'   
 it should be. I was on Paul Nehlen's "notable Jews" list; I still get neo-nazi trolls all the time. But -- and I say this as a 100% lefty -- our side's "cancel culture" is bad and dangerous, too.
 the vampire castle has been downgraded to "the cancel culture carnival booth". you need to keep up with the times
 Cancel Culture honestly has become an instant anger without a follow-up. There are times that it has worked but others ehhh.
 Best argument for cancel culture all runnin around uncanceled
It's one thing when someone with talented gets canceled. When it's some Bush family failson celebrity reporter? Let us reap the rewards of cancel culture for a change!
When will cancel culture come for the tooth fairy? This creature is absolutely frightening. Who is this monster that just lives for children's teeth? I'm not kidding. Stop it with the tooth fairy, guys.
Between this and Mark Halperin I really don’t want to hear shit else about “cancel culture”
At the #MetGala, Dapper Dan Stands By Gucci and Stands Up to Cancel Culture   
I enjoyed the  podcast with  on Millennials. :) on being woke. on the 'cancel' culture, and on #metoo Interesting views    
   See, cancel culture refers STRICTLY to “canceling” appointments that have already been made and must be honored and definitely is NOT about removing points of view from public discourse. Easy mistake to make.
 cancel cancel culture culture
Progressives have a cancel culture, purity problem and if we don't get over it—it's going to destroy us.      #TuesdayThoughts  #TuesdayMotivation
At the #MetGala, Dapper Dan Stands By Gucci and Stands Up to Cancel Culture   
At the #MetGala, Dapper Dan Stands By Gucci and Stands Up to Cancel Culture   
I’d like to announce I’ve invented the term for the doxing, cancel culture, social justice far left: FUNDALEFTIST.
I’m not into cancel culture but anyone who turns up too the #MetGala in some basic ass suit or dress should be cancelled forever...
At the #MetGala, Dapper Dan Stands By Gucci and Stands Up to Cancel Culture   
cancel culture hasn’t gone far enough   
First, we had Cancel Culture. Then, we had Self-Cancellation Culture. Now: Self-Uncancellation Culture?   
Teen fiction Twitter's "cancel culture" is eating its young, writes     via 
 Yeah, you’re not wrong.  The compounded problem is “heard mentality”, a lot of these people who judge without context have either attracted like minded ppl , or infected others...  It’s why cancel culture and outrage is so problematic, independent thought is hard to come by.
 Cancel culture gets to the point where minor things get blown out of proportion. Fewer bans, AND more transparency of the reason for bans. That's what I'd like to see.
So that NYT story about Blood Heir and YA cancel culture (in which I’m quoted briefly re: how outrage travels online) has prompted certain allegations about my reporting on that beat. Not linking (it’s not hard to find if you really care), but some general thoughts (thread)
Wedding culture meets cancel culture with the cast of "Plus One"   
“The thing that connects us is that we’re all fallible and we’re all flawed.”  and  did the seemingly impossible at #Tribeca2019: they had a measured and insightful conversation about cancel culture and restorative justice. Watch:   
Teen fiction Twitter's "cancel culture" is eating its young, writes    
 I think cancel culture needs reform like I think prison needs reform , both are strictly punitive and shortsighted
‘Miss Saigon’ and ‘Butterfly’ bring issues of ‘cancel culture’ to the fore      
I’m making a commitment to stand against internet cancel culture. It’s just too damn lame and our brains can do better. I don’t want to have such temporary vision. 🤷🏽‍♀️
     Not being a fan of cancel culture, I can't say I agree to that. ;)
. gave me the last word in his article on MADAME BUTTERFLY, MISS SAIGON and cancel culture. Thanks for blowing up my mentions Wei!   
If realised that there are two types of creators, those who are sitting ducks, that some viewers and followers are posed waiting to bring the wrath of “cancel culture” upon them at whatever opportunity they get. And those that they just simply aren’t interested in cancelling
New Podcast! My fave yet with ! We talk about cancel culture, being liberal and hated by the left, how only fuckups work at Borders,twitter drama, escaping to the woods, addiction and quitting your soul-sucking job! Listen and spread the word!   
In which a story about cancel culture turns into a parable about the state of Israel itself (by my other half, ):   
Fighting Back Against Cancel Culture      
The social justice mob came to censor more art, but bit off more than they could chew and ended up only making it more popular. Read  on a successful campaign against "cancel culture."   
 What did I do that reflects cancel culture?
 Perhaps we could use your institution as an example. What’s your best guess as to the number of professors who self-censor views that could be published on The NY Times oped page for fear of callout or cancel culture?
  And note that the article itself reviews an example of early 1990s cancel culture
Cancel Culture Comes for Counterculture Comics.   
Cancel culture is an opportunity, and apologizing makes you a better person. This and more of my thoughts on ep 2 of the  podcast, which was a pleasure to appear on. I hope I can come back, !   
 Is this 🦋 cancel culture
Reporting on efforts by censorious art students to get Camille Paglia fired once again revealed to me the alarming number of professors who censor themselves because they fear callout and cancel culture.   It is epidemic.   
You can think cancel culture is a good thing—by all means, make that argument if you want—but you don’t get to change the definition of censorship, to make it narrower, so that you can claim you’re not making a pro-censorship argument.
People who think censorship can only be done by the state need to relook at the definition of censorship. Yes, the most egregious version of censorship is state censorship, but censorship comes in many forms, and cancel culture clearly falls under this umbrella term.   
I won't even pick out quotes since practically every answer is quotable, but it is to "cancel culture" what a red flag is to a bull.
ultimately, the argument could easily be "cancel culture is bad" because this imaginary thing that we are indulging due to the overarching system's need to reproduce itself on even the smallest of levels... hurts me  but I think that directs us into the realm of individualism
what folks call "cancel culture" is a product of these things; it *can* be genuine, but in a world in which the norms of the market have been thoroughly forced onto every part of our life, it is always transactional  that doesn't mean the individual doing it intends this
also I would like to address the whole cancel culture thing:  as I said in my videos a while back, "callout culture" (and therefore "cancel culture") are misleading terms. it's not culture, and I think this framing device does a disservice to the argument
 cancel culture
  Exactly. It all depends on the context and the nuance. But cancel culture isn't about context or nuance. It's like the red scare. What it wants to do is shut down dialogue.
  I agree. It's one reason I find cancel culture troubling. I find writers having to apologize for writing characters troubling. I don't want anyone to apologize to me for how I found the gay male characters in A Little Life. But I am free to critique that representation.
 Well i think this idea of “cancel culture,” though I don’t agree with the term, is in direct relationship to a culture in which the marginalized are always marginalized and no one ever apologies. I’m suggesting that one cannot look at it without too looking at how power divides.
 I don’t know that but what I am trying to think through and vocalize in this thread has to do with cancel culture at large, its problems and overall moralism
Cancel Culture Comes for Counterculture Comics |       
Can we have cancel culture back just for this please   
 I would’ve never dreamed... Although... I’m not a fan of cancel culture. I’d much rather he’d come to his senses :)
Cancel culture has gone too far   
Wedding culture meets cancel culture with the cast of "Plus One"   
 “Cancel” people. God calls us to teach, to love... cancel culture breaks my heart
cancel culture nailed it this time.
Hey  I know you'll dig this  story by  about Robert Crumb and cancel culture     
OK? You can hate in peace. Truly. Many of us do it daily. But you don’t want to. You want to poke people so they can “drag you” so you have something to complain about—either other overzealous people, “cancel culture” or “this app” &amp; tbh it’s so vain. Go take a nap or something.   
What if cancel culture chilled out and just let people be happy about things?   Just a thought
I don't understand this cancel culture! I miss the old days when you could really savor the experience of learning to hate someone over the course of many years!
Yumna Al-Arashi on “Cancel Culture” now live:    #sdgstudyhall   
Broke: the White Walkers are a metaphor for climate change  Woke: the White Walkers are a metaphor for cancel culture
Cancel culture is fucking bullshit, it's so funny seeing everyone start hating someone just because they know other people will agree with them, although it's not their own real view  hahhaah you fucking suck if your your relevancy relies on other peoples mistakes hahahahah
Honest analysis of a candidate’s record has been reduced to “bad press” or “social media dunks” and this centrist backlash to alleged “cancel culture” that’s really just leftist political analysis is going to have dire effects on our country.
   I think pity is far to generous. From everything I’ve heard about the Blanco case, and there’s stuff that never gets printed for legal reasons, at best he’s an accessory to murder, I find it bizarre that in the age of Cancel Culture he’s still given time of day
Since celebrities are hating on critics lately, I’m realizing that Stan culture is the polar opposite of cancel culture. Both are motivated by extreme emotions and allow no room for nuance or critical discourse. How boring
 like... is this not you saying it is actually not cool to try to make disagreeing with someone over a minor thing into a massive event?  what you said isn't even a disgreement with a rational critique of "cancel culture"   
  Recognition and fame have a huge gap between them and seriously a lot of people don’t want to be famous...  People say they want to be famous but have you seen cancel culture?  Most ppl haven’t thought it through... or they’d probably delete most of their old tweets 😂
We write about the words celebs say &amp; we're called bullies playing into "cancel culture." We write about the projects they make for our consumption &amp; we're called jealous killjoys. We critique the basic elements of an industry designed to be talked about &amp; we get death threats.
While all you MJ fans are here misinterpreting my tweet about cancel culture as some sort of indictment against the King Of Pop, check out the  - we loved Dangerous!   
'Let's cancel Bret Easton Ellis': is millennial 'cancel culture' really a thing?   
'Let's cancel Bret Easton Ellis': is millennial 'cancel culture' really a thing?   
'Let's cancel Bret Easton Ellis': is millennial 'cancel culture' really a thing?   
'Let's cancel Bret Easton Ellis': is millennial 'cancel culture' really a thing?   
'Let's cancel Bret Easton Ellis': is millennial 'cancel culture' really a thing?    via 
the original cancel culture was my biological mother giving me up for adoption.
"Cancel culture largely disables us from looking at celebrities with nuance and context. We become so much more obsessed with the ‘what’ that we can completely ignore the ‘why’."   
hey cancel culture nerds..... how about we cancel "stans"
This is what cancel culture from your allies feels like.  This is what I felt like when the VC called me "incompetent" b/c he didn't like my adjustment in language.   We are real people. STOP the personal insults and attacks.
. cast talks that tough consent storyline and cancel culture      
Should Alex admit that hes Jeff? Its tough in the new world of "cancel culture." Do we think the social media universe will be harsh or supportive of him admitting it? #TheBoldType #TheBoldTypeChat
is it sad when i first heard of cancel culture i assumed we were talking about tv shows?
  Sorry mate. Cancel culture is headed toward you... Ha!
  Nah we just joke about cancel culture on Twitter all the time and I saw an in
BRET EASTON ELLIS PODCAST with : the making of Fight Club, Gen-X sensibilities and the trick of not giving a fuck, the New Puritanism, The Great Gatsby and the erasure of the white canon, millennial overreaction to Heathers, cancel culture:      
Van Jones - we are part of the 'cancel culture.' We block, we unfriend, we shout down. We have lost the ability as human beings to empathize.' His new show brings together offender and offended. Watch it on CNN #RedemptionProject   
wow i love cancel culture now
 Cancel Culture is a buzzword used to demonize holding people accountable when they hurt others or normalize hurtful behavior. Yknow, accountability. A good thing.  Yes, this can be weaponized in bad faith (see: Mike Cernovitch) but that doesn’t invalidate the entire concept.
 At no point did I say anything about “cancelling” anyone, nor did I imply it. I choose not to support people who casually use hate speech for fun, and I encourage everyone to do the same.  If that’s Cancel Culture then I don’t give a shit, call it whatever you want.
waconzy - #Enjoy 👉🏽   👉🏽 “Cancel is becoming a cancer.” jemelehill and KillerMike talk cancel culture on the latest episode of the Jemele Hill Is Unbothered podcast. Listen now ➡️       👉🏽👉🏽    …
Yup, cancel culture is very fair weather, as we've seen with Kanye. If I don't f*ck with you, I don't f*ck with you. I don't need a culture to express that. I don't f*ck with Kanye.
Always read  on cultural appropriation. It's not about how, it's about why. Cancel culture often means we don't talk about things that merit thoughtful discussion:   
“Cancel is becoming a cancer.”  and  talk cancel culture on the latest episode of the Jemele Hill Is Unbothered podcast. Listen now ➡️      
I know this is the internet, but my hope is this piece spurs a discussion that goes beyond cancel culture and looks at the sometimes messy, often beautiful ways people express themselves.
In the era of cancel culture, when is it time to forgive and forget?    
ต้องประณามแค่ไหนถึงจะพอ?   ‘Cancel Culture’ ปรากฏการณ์เทคนดังในวันที่พวกเขาผิดพลาด  ชวนอ่านได้ที่:      
The hilarious comedian  talks to  about being a  comic in the cancel culture era. Check out the interview below  ⬇️  
 Lol not a part of the cancel culture. It’s okay.... you should try it though ❤️
   Have you finally cancelled cancel culture?
Last month it was reported that Chick-fil-A gave almost two million dollars to anti-LGBTQ organizations in 2017. But despite the seemly growing popularity of boycott and cancel culture, people seem reluctant to give up their Chick-fil-A.   
 Yusss definitely! Twitter is more about hate and cancel culture and no logic.
Cancel Culture needs a term for the hoops one has to jump thru to cancel any service and how said service provider stalks you post cancelation
 e g o  i'm heaps not into how normal that's becoming. imo it feeds into cancel culture because the perception is people need to be irreparably torn down in order to apologise or have experienced any consequences for a wrong-doing. and perpetuates the idea that we can't do wrong
Weinberg junior Jahan Sahni opened up the discussion by saying “everyone makes mistakes”, and cancel culture could be harmful because the people who are accused, mostly on social media platforms like Twitter, are not given their due process.    
Cancel culture. It was a mistake.  Cancel Culture: it was a mistake.
The cancel culture is false. Nobody has actually been cancelled I'm the entire history of mankind
Loving XXXTentacion – how Generation Z are rejecting woke Millennials’ ‘cancel’ culture      
The depths to which these proponents of "no-platforming" and cancel culture will go, huh   
Cancel culture is stupid.
 I was thinking the same thing. Cancel culture is complex. Personally, I believe in redemption.
 Oh I won't! One bad Apple doesn't scar me for life, but damn is it frustrating when they try to apply cancel culture
     If I couldn't get to it this week it's cool/no problem  Like...IS NOBODY ELSE SEEING THAT LMFAO  Instead you try to elicit internet pity/cancel culture as if I actually damned your business and ruined everything when I literally provided more than half of what I offered.
I don't even mind the cancel culture if said person committed a crime.   But man cheated on his wife. Woman made 100 million of him. His career literally ended. Somehow he's back and you're angry people are happy for him?  Its sick.
I just hope cancel culture doesn’t dig up something unsavory from the past of [checks notes] Tiger Woods.
 I’m not part of cancel culture. I’m too old. That’s why I spoke of love and it’s complexities. Also about the tragedy that was MJ’s life, the depths of which we as fans can never truly know. When we have time and space we can speak in depth🖤
Katy Perry Is Asking You to Please Stop It With "Cancel Culture"      
 what's to be done, though? Does this equal an yet another impetus to push out trump? Or is it too late, and no matter what, cancel culture is the new reality?
#EggBoy, Cancel Culture, Plastic bans and #RevokePetition - examples of Gen Z social activism spoken about at #SXSW19    
Last night I had the wild and wonderful experience of meeting  onstage for ’s podcast. We talked about cancel culture and how goddamn destructive this website is and I think everyone left feeling a little more hopeful about taking  conversations offline.   
“Cancel” culture is the new McCarthyism.   You will never convince me otherwise, and you will never convince them to ever once look in the fucking mirror.     
How far do you go and how consistent are you when it comes to cancel culture? Read lifestyle reporter Refiloe Matsela's latest column to hear her take on it!   
Thank you  and  for giving me the space to go more in-depth on why we started The Last Bohemians and why its themes are important. Plus some thoughts on cancel culture, class in the arts and how to start a podcast   
   Just came across that term "cancel culture" the other day on the No Agenda Show (ep: 1123). It's fascinating to what lengths people go to force their will onto others.
I’m not a “cancel culture” type of person... I’m a “punch you in the esophagus if you hella outta pocket” type of person.
  I don't agree with him but he's allowed to think that, I don't like this whole cancel culture thing
wow, cancel culture is really getting out of control
 Here for cancel culture. #corruptionanxiety
 Cancel culture will come for you too one day... I hope you are prepared
 Damn, they’ve even gentrified cancel culture.
So yeah. Thanks for being patient with me. It means an awful lot. Cancel culture is scary stuff. It's why Perfect Blue scares me, it's why I only give my PO Box when asked instead of posting it, people scare me, it's hard enough holding myself to my own standards.   
Searched “Nathan Pyle” and there is an occasional tweet from Pyle that is funny, clever, and often uplifting, then there are gobs of psychotic cancel culture warriors going outhouse rat crazy calling for his downfall — &amp; they think they’re the good guys.
new IMPAULSIVE podcast  SLAMS Jake Paul, Cancel Culture &amp; Parenting 💁🏼‍♀️ join the convo       
   “Cancel culture” is nothing new. The ancient Romans were into it.
Opinion from a columnist: Is cancel culture always bad? No. But some people should be called out for their bad actions.    
 Also I think that the level or moralizing and the grandstanding nature of “cancel culture” and vilifying people is pathetic and  intellectually lazy...  And being intellectually lazy is the “sin” I tend to take the most “offense” to at this point. I have no patience for it...
Not usually one for cancel culture but I draw a REALLY BIG FUCKING LINE at Anti Choice/ Force Birther buffoonery.  It's a shame because I really, really enjoyed these cartoons. I'll miss 'em 🔥
"It's a shame comedians today don't get that safe space because of cell phones, they go viral and that's unfortunate" - Richard Kind, taking on cancel culture #AMCNSummit
Last panel of the day is about cancel culture, and how far is too far with Sally Woodward Gentle, Bashir Salahuddin, Hank Azaria, Joel Church-Cooper, Richard Kind and Tawny Newsome.
Honestly I feel peeps tryna check  but people out here really really wishing death on this man shit crazy y’all just as worst as the killers. How you gon want black people to live and thrive wishing death on one. Cancel culture need to find some balance
I’m scared cancel culture on the left is going to hand the right another presidential win in 2020.   
Cancel culture was invented specifically for instances such as this.
  he basically said cancel culture is wack lol and i def agree with him. but there definitely needs to be a greater injection of progressive thinking on the left.
⛽  talks on the new wave of grime, cancel culture &amp; more on Gasworks  ➡️      
One can’t be a great musician &amp; be  bad father? What this country needs is better understanding &amp; compassion for mental health issues / addiction and not more cancel culture. Plus you don’t think he was one the best to do it?
These are all my interests combined: so-called dark money, art, cancel culture, the Guggenheim, capitalism.  good idea, I appreciate that it was unintentionally tailored to my interests.
Michael Jackson, Trevor Noah and ‘cancel culture’: How far should we take the purge?   
⛽  speaks on new wave of grime, cancel culture &amp; more on Gasworks  ➡️      
I always think about Isaiah Washington when the topic of “cancel culture” comes up. Because he’s the first celebrity in this social media era that I can think of who was truly canceled.
⛽  talks new wave of grime, cancel culture &amp; more on Gasworks  ➡️      
 I think 'cancel culture' often does have an element of permanence to it. Seen it happen to lots of left leaning folks, even after they make efforts to work on themselves they'll always be 'person who said dumb edgy thing 5 years ago' or whatever
There’s a reason “cancel culture “ developed type quick in Black parlance and it’s being colored just the same
can cancel culture go after abs next?? can we be about that soft belly life?   
 This is relevant to my interests. Call me when you figure out a version of Not Getting Married Today as it applies to millennials, Buzzfeed and “cancel culture.”
cancel culture. boy look ... #BoomerangOnBET   
 I've written repeatedly about thinking "cancel culture" is a bullshit concept so the idea I sit on here "canceling" folk is another lie. This is me from two months ago.   
. weighs in on cancel culture in the black community and #BoomerangOnBET's #MeToo episode   
Just turned on my TV and the Cosby show was on. I don't want to hear shit about "cancel culture"
Lena Waithe weighs in on cancel culture in the black community and Boomerang's #MeToo episode   
TheRSMS : J. Cole Reveals He Isn’t The Biggest Fan Of Cancel Culture &amp; Defends XXXTentacion         
tell me more about “cancel culture”   
J. Cole reveals he isn't the biggest fan of 'cancel culture' &amp; defends XXXTentacion.        
Cancel me once? Shame on me. Cancel me twice? We Need To Talk About Cancel Culture
A special guest joins  and  to talk about the state of the cancel culture in the latest episode of .   Listen and subscribe:     
 defended controversial rappers Kodak Black, 6ix9ine, and XXXTENTACION against 'cancel culture'      
A special guest joins  and  to talk about the state of the cancel culture in the latest episode of .   Listen and subscribe:     
J. Cole Condemns "Cancel Culture"      
I’m really sick of cancel culture and drama and people having to take a stance or make a statement on absolutely everything all the time. It’s okay to be open minded and sit back a sec to see how things play out before making a solid opinion on something.
J. Cole Addresses Cancel Culture, Supporting XXXTentacion and Tekashi   
J. Cole Shares His Thoughts On Cancel Culture And Explains Why He Embraced XXXTentacion: “I Don’t Cancel Nobody”      
Kudos to  for the brilliant AMP conference today + tomorrow. Had fun airing my best RBF on our lunchtime panel about cancel culture to a v engaged and packed crowd. More of this kind of thing!   
So sick of cancel culture!   
cancel culture has gone too far   
People who use the term "cancel culture" need to mind their business. If I "cancel" someone, it's a personal choice. If enough people make that personal choice, someone is "cancelled," I suppose.   You can still single-handedly support them if you wish. 🤷🏾‍♂️
J. Cole isn't here for the "cancel culture" 🙅🏾‍♂️  #ComplexNews   
#JCole opens up about "cancel culture" and his controversial decision to support the late #XXXTentacion in a new interview with XXL.   
I interviewed  yesterday &amp; we were talking about cancel culture. He said it struck him that social media users were creating a prison for themselves. They cancel, then they get cancelled. They shame, then they get shamed. Still thinking about it: a system built to hurt.
    Oh, yeah idk anything about X but was commenting on cancel culture concept.
  "cancel culture" - hah. Never heard it referred to that way but couldn't agree more.
J. Cole Explains His Issue With Cancel Culture &amp; Why He Embraced XXXTentacion.   “Because we live in a world where everybody wants to be so quick to cancel somebody. But at the same time, people condemn...”   Read More:      
We’re living in cancel culture. Headphones have even cancelled ‘noise.’
But it feels as though cancel culture is angry as usual.
J. Cole breaks down his issue with "cancel culture"  "I'm down for accountability culture. I'm cool with that. Even for myself."  He also explains why he embraced XXXTentacion:      
waconzy - #Enjoy 👉🏽   👉🏽 J. Cole talks XXXTentacion and explains his issues with cancel culture:       👉🏽👉🏽    #spotify #applemusic #newmusic #afrobeats
Social media is great and all but I swear 50% of people just use it for the cancel culture. Always so quick to try and ruin someone. Maybe if we all just focused on ourselves and stopped trying to cancel people we’d have less issues 🤷🏽‍♀️
J. Cole breaks down his issue with "cancel culture"  "I'm down for accountability culture. I'm cool with that. Even for myself."  He also explains why he embraced XXXTentacion➡      
J. Cole talks XXXTentacion and explains his issues with cancel culture:      
Cancel culture is out of control
Cancel culture only lasts a week. That's all you need to know
I hate cancel culture omg it's like yes, i want the world to get better, but no, I  absolutely DO NOT want to BE there for it
all i have to say is this cancel culture is out of control
People complain about “cancel culture,” but many once beloved celebrities simply reveal their own irrelevance by way of their staggering ignorance and condescension. What is there to cancel.
Is "cancel culture" a real thing? Or is it just a myth? Besides Roseanne and Megyn Kelly, I can't think of too many celebrities that were actually "canceled" because of online heat. Is there another celeb who lost his or her career just because of social media?
Just landed in LA after a long flight from Australia. As I got off the plane, a flight attendant smiled and said “Welcome back home to Cancel Culture.”
Kevin Hart has a new comedy special. Keep that bull about cancel culture please
Are we adding  and  to the recent wave of #cancelculture?   
 That was a misstep on her but I think you're wrong that it'd be ok if she didn't brag. The minute the video came out people were trying to cancel her, hence why she made that video. People aren't forgiving in "cancel culture" and sometimes that tenacity is warranted. Not now.
cancel culture is trash..if all it takes is a little dirt or fake news to cancel someone..then everybody &amp; they mama need to be “canceled.”
Cancel culture is coming for NASA's Space Launch System
Agree. I've been calling cancel culture dumb and hypocritical for a minute. Just stick to these three rules:  a) A listen to whomever you want.   b) Do no judge others for whom they decide to listen to.  c) Don't make excuses when you faves do shady stuff.   DASSIT
 I’m so stoked that cancel culture is a thing 😜
 No I'm tired of silly left cancel culture that would rather morally condemn &amp; shame then debunk &amp; counter-argue. It's dumb &amp; leaves the left jerking itself off in a corner while right-wing views proliferate. You're smart enough to see this but yeah stick to the personality angle
Cancel Culture Has Gotten Out Of Control, my column
I know some of you are afraid, worried you'll be ridiculed by your colleagues for taking a stand. That's only natural in our cancel culture. But in an effort to provide you w/ some cover, I'll break ranks &amp; just say this: arugula tastes like f'n lawn clippings &amp; we should burn it
The Twitter mob is a scary thing. Where Is the Line Between Criticism and Cancel Culture?   
Cancel cancel culture.
I’m calling out cancel culture for canceling call out culture.
What do we need to do to get cancel culture to fix its sights on student debt?   
I can understand exactly why  unfollowed everyone.   The #cancelculture and outrage culture online where ppl are targeted just for associating with ppl, is going to lead to a lot of ppl being less open and accessible online.  It’s sad actually. 😢
cancel cancel culture! expectations are too high! no one should be forced to *squints at cuecard* not support child molesters
 It was a riff on my earlier tweet about Streisand and cancel culture.
Huh well maybe cancel culture is good after all
 Right, and the author doesn't tell you how to feel about it. Cancel culture, specific to someone's apparent ignorance, is antithetical to achieving greater social awareness so that this behavior doesn't repeat itself. There are others like DC, who share similar views.
In the era of cancel culture, when is it time to forgive and forget or are there certain circumstances that justify holding a grudge?    
I'm against #CancelCulture but... Babs is canceled.
 What happens after cancel culture is canceled? 😂
I HAVE CHANGED MY MIND ABOUT CANCEL CULTURE
I don't think it's fair to blame notable players and community leaders for not speaking up when they usually dont have enough information or context on all the parties involved at the time. Cancel culture is scary and I need to be 100% certain of myself before I call someone out
anxiety is basically when the cancel culture is coming from inside the house
In Y.A., Where Is the Line Between Criticism and Cancel Culture?   
My lunchtime read stuck in my head today. Books ending up unprinted for assorted reasons. In Y.A., Where Is the Line Between Criticism and Cancel Culture?   
In Y.A., where is the line between criticism and cancel culture?  explores this question for :      
If you're willing to sit through 4500 words, this is probably one of the best articles on the issues of "cancel culture," self-reflection and the often-ironic and hypocritical state of the media industry and online presence.   
Fine, whenever I think about cancel culture as a thing i hear the “totally canceled!!” part of Lonely Island’s “Space Olympics”
We’ve got more articles about “cancel culture “ and allowing free speech to Nazis than about #yourslipisshowing or the connections of known racists to the highest levela of tech and government.
Don’t be fooled these people love “cancel culture” because if they didn’t have it they would have to talk consequences
Also Cancel Culture debate looks especially ducking frivolous when we look at which cultures are actually producing violent events and BODY COUNTS
He likes hemming and hawing because Cancel culture is a more beneficial representation than when he’s fact checked it’s questionable and he openly solicits biased sources and folks approve of it
Cancel culture is the epistolary embodiment of folks being frightened that marginalized ( mostly black and queer ) have decision making force equal to their cultural influence
Like name a cancel culture aesthetic? Name something that’s not a gif or a statement?
Cancel culture has no aesthetics , no codification, no permanent phenomenology or even ephemera of diverse opinions.
“Cancel Culture” is them hanging their hurt fees on vernacular phraseology
The biggest irritant about “cancel culture” is that people who hate it spend a lot of time complaining about free thinking while their ultimate goal is to tell people what to do
And that , that magical formula only works for white girls , and the critiques of cancel culture , call out culture , poor management of Twitter mentions has a lot to do with how BW got left hung out to  dry
  cancel culture, man
chill culture ruined dating and cancel culture ruined everything else
Cancel culture so trash... some folks need to become more busy
In Y.A., Where Is the Line Between Criticism and Cancel Culture? |       
This is how I know cancel culture doesn't exist. No apology of recognition of past harms people brought up but she continues to be embraced.  Sigh.
it genuinely needs to be said that "fuck cancel culture" has ALWAYS been a dogwhistle for "shut the fuck up SJWs." I was on tumblr when it became a thing and, like, that's precisely what it is. nothing's perfect but we don't have any alternatives.
"cancel cancel culture"   
everyone with clout who is "sick of cancel culture" is afraid their shitty takes will land them in a shit position. change my mind.
It rules that any legitimate criticism of "cancel culture" is often rendered moot by the deluge of faux-victims who use it to trojan horse racism and misogyny into anything they can
In YA, Where Is the Line Between Criticism and Cancel Culture? |    
And furthermore - everyone has folks they have encountered who have done such terrible harm that repair isn’t possible - even those who are denouncing “cancel culture” right now.
Greetings from the Caribbean. Been watching especially this week so much chatter around the so-called “cancel culture” No one &amp; I truly mean no one has ever been “cancelled”.
Greetings from the Caribbean. Been watching especially this week so much chatter around the so-called “cancel culture” No one &amp; I truly mean no one has ever been “cancelled”.  FWIW - The term “cancelled” is being...   
 Cancel culture doesn't even work
 nobody asked me my intentions or cared to actually figure them out. no one tried at all.   just made public quote tweets skewing my perspective and slandering my character.   that’s fucked up. THAT’s cancel culture.
 Cancel ‘cancel culture’ am I right???
can’t watch people defending their support for the iraq war. too depraved, someone get them to log off, where’s cancel culture when you need it etc
Daniel Caesar has sparked a discussion on "Cancel Culture"👀    
Daniel Caesar has sparked a discussion on "Cancel Culture"👀 👀 👀    
Imagine my disappointment when I learned that “cancel culture” was not actually a movement to cancel culture.
Hell yes I’m into Cancel Culture.  I cancel plans all the time, and it would be nice to feel less guilt about it.
   It’s important conversation. I’m looking at a lot of the shift in internet culture. The cancel culture stuff, para-social relationships creating entitlement, media’s negative bias towards YouTubers, the trepidation of advertisers...  It’s a lot of cooks in the kitchen...
Meanwhile "cancel culture" isn't particularly toxic. The people who are most invested in denying marginalized people the right to set boundaries definitely are though. You might want to interrogate why you are more invested in the comfort &amp; education of villains than victims.
"Cancel culture is toxic" continues to be an argument that hinges on an idea that some people are owed the money/ time  /energy/forgiveness of those that they have hurt. Being canceled = some people (usually Black women and femmes) have withdrawn their support. Dassit.
It just bothers me because black men rarely have this energy for black women. Why does the cape always get to flapping when it’s not us?  Also, yeah, cancel culture is toxic but you know what else is? Writing off constructive criticism as “being mean.”    
 lmao bro I’m sorrry you even have to apologize for stupid shit from your past.  We live in a time where people dig up whatever they can and it’s honestly ridiculous... you apparently can’t be have a past, be a more immature version of yourself. Cancel culture is hot.
Today in #GirlChat: Amanda Seales shares her thoughts on cancel culture, and separating the art from the artist.   
Cancel culture is so toxic, but giving people with platforms a slap on the wrist has obviously proven to be just as bad, so how do we start to hold public figures accountable in a healthy way?
  What does forgiveness and second chances look Iike within our community anymore? Because cancel culture ain’t it.
The ‘Cancel Culture’: Comedian Ricky Gervais Explains Perfectly Why It’s Stupid   
This is why I am adamant that Cancel Culture, the mob mentality, and social media witch hunts need to stop...  People need to be allowed to make jokes, say stupid things, or vent without it being held over their head for 19 years or dug up when you’re annoyed. #MoveOn
Some thoughts on "cancel culture" that were too long for a thread   
What the world needs now is quite literally the opposite of cancel culture.  Take everything you hear with a grain of salt.  Forgive.    Teach those who screw up.   Give them a chance to learn. To grow.  Let them be shining beacons of how and why we should all seek to improve.
Hot take:  Cancel culture is bullshit.  You people are idiots.    Save your out rage for shit that actually matters.    Not jokes. Not clips taken out of context.  Not far reaches of logic.  But the real in your face monsters who fuck you over and dont give a shit about you.
 Going to need a definition of cancel culture
 i hate cancel culture so much
Screw Cancel Culture.   If you’re part of the mob, I’m done with you.   You can stop watching ppl, you can disagree with them, but this nonsense has to stop.    isn’t going anywhere.   isn’t going anywhere.  Thank you, next.   #ShaneDawsonIsOverParty
There’s no “cancel culture” for people who are genuinely curious and willing to listen and eager to actually learn about the humanity of others. People prove that every day.
 cancel culture gonna get u
What’s the ToS strikes game? Blacklisting  The “Alternative Influence Network” report? A blacklist recommendation  Operation Chokepoint? Blacklist  Trust &amp; Safety Star Chambers? Blacklisters  Cancel Culture? Blacklisting  I’m fighting this rebirth of McCarthyism as LeftCarthyism.
not a claim i would make in our cancel culture era
wyd cancel culture ?
How can comedians work in a “cancel culture”? In this week’s “The Economist asks”,  talks to  about free speech and the limits of comedy      
Nothing better than watching #cancelculture cancel itself. Nothing.
an organization that i love and support and truly hope to see multiply has been suspended because some patrons were uncomfortable with tiptoeing that tasteful line. i was not present when this occurred, but i think “cancel culture” has really gone too far.
I really can’t with cancel culture. Y’all trying to retroactively cancel Maya Angelou like life didn’t do that already. The internet is the bad place
  Maybe the tide is turning and we. An see the end of cancel culture
 I think that situation is bigger than him and really is about a combination of things, boundaries as content creators, creator ethics, but also cancel culture and the nature of mob mentality.   Reminds me of Jordan Peterson in so many ways.
I like this energy.. Stop Weaponizing Mob Mentality! Cancel Culture is Wack
But but Cancel culture. NARY ONE OF THESE DUDES HAVE ACTUALLY BEEN CANCELED   
How can comedians work in a “cancel culture”? In this week’s “The Economist asks”,  talks to  about free speech and the limits of comedy      
RE: R Kelly and Michael Jackson   notes that the intention of the cancel culture is without fault, but realistically, the cancel culture does not serve fair justice. #VibesWVictor  Full video:      
Are we muting Michael Jackson? Catch  presenter,  and UCT's  as they explore the 'Cancel Culture' in light of the shocking documentary, #LeavingNeverland. 🔇      
Are we muting the King of Pop?  presenter,  and UCT Critical Thinking and Ethics lecturer,  explores the 'cancel culture' in light of the shocking Michael Jackson documentary, #LeavingNeverland.       
When you listen to The Hook Up with  Sunday nights on  you always learn something! Today on #RNDrive's My Feed, Nat tells  what a "thornback" is and also whether "cancel culture" should be cancelled.   
 This is an explosive case of cancel culture because it’s about the rich cheating the system. So, I’m not particularly called to defend the parents.
 Don't disagree there~ I'm also not generally a fan of cancel culture, so I'm a weirdo
Bye Aunt Becky #CancelCulture Strikes again!   
  *pushes up glasses, tugs on too small homemade jordan peterson t-shirt*  actually thanos is a subversive critique on modern liberal cancel culture run amok
"Cancel Culture" ....who knew?  Much to his surprise,  finds he has joined "cancel culture." Does he recommend it?    via    
I CAN’T STAND this whole ‘cancel culture’ we’ve got going on right now. People make mistakes. One choice does not define a person. They learn from their mistake, we forgive and we move on. Boycotting them, ruining their lives or ‘cancelling’ them is NOT NECESSARY.
"It's okay to hate me—but you should know why."  Make an informed opinion with : iPhone:    Android:    Spotify:      #ManwhorePodcast #CancelCulture #Problematic   
R Kelly, Michael Jackson and Different Sides To The Cancel Culture | Vibes with Victor      
A true case for cancel culture
This is interesting... on whether we dismissed child abuse as eccentricity and on ‘cancel culture’   
Tune in to  after the 10am news today if you want to listen to  and me talk about “cancel culture” (in light of R Kelly, Michael Jackson), and also white responses to racism (cf. the Danny K remarks).
"Cancel culture" is fine so long as it allows for personal choice, says    
To-hear-or-not-to-hear conundrum over Michael Jackson has brought out the ‘cancel culture’  Stephen L. Carter  writes:   
“but ‘cancel culture’!!!” they all shout into the abyss, making no one but themselves feel any better
Is there a single Democratic candidate everyone/most likes?  Because guess what happens if we do the whole not-woke-enough cancel culture on every candidate? Yeah... that guys wins.  So can we please cut the shit and figure out someone good?  Thanks and love, Me
    I’m screen shotting this and going to try to get Mehta fired. Cancel culture, assemble!
Neocons had won all the debates, from the Closing of the American Mind to welfare reform to Iraq, and they were the intellectual force to address. Now it's #cancel culture to mention them? Shows how quick things change.  Also that Hitchens article:   
  she been out there saying the n-word and shit tho, and she seems to have difficulty understanding privilege. i hate this whole internet “cancel culture” too but white ppl who think they face discrimination for being white are the worst.
Much to his surprise,  finds he has joined the "cancel culture." Does he recommend it?   
Catch the new episode of Yo Business! This week we chuckle at Zuck's "privacy-focused" vision for Facebook, unpack cancel culture, and say ✌🏾️to the sharing economy as we knew it. Plus: Our guest  on why we all need STEM skills 👩🏽‍💻   
Cancel culture; jungle justice is the order of the day.
 I meant cancel culture when we don't have the facts, cancelling just on emotions.
Cancel culture never really made sense to me sha.
  The F-22 is the original victim of cancel culture
New podcast up! Tucker Carlson, cancel culture, full house and more. 20 minutes to get your headlines, and laugh at madness on both sides of the aisle   
But but but Cancel Culture... AIN'T NO ONE ACTUALLY BEEN CANCELLED.
In the newest episode of #Backtalk, Dahlia and Amy talk about the effects of a cancel culture that demands perfect art.   
I hate a lot of things about cancel culture, or “cancelling” people, but one of the things I hate the most is that we’re expected to virtue signal our cancellation by unfollowing The Cancelled on social media, &amp; if u don't, yr automatically a co-signee of The Cancelled's views.
Cancel culture coming for Wake Up San Francisco! and I won't have it.
SO awful what CANCEL CULTURE has done to poor Kevin Hart. After the TWITTER MOB relentlessly attacked him, all he has left is a new Netflix special (apr 2), endorsements, and only ~10 upcoming projects listed on his IMDB. Shame. RIP Kevin Hart's career. I hope u ppl are happy.
Everyone bemoaning cancel culture can just shut up now. This country will forgive famous people anything, even pedophilia
Without taking a side on Michael Jackson bans, this is a really good piece on the cultural gatekeepers of cancel culture   
  Gotta watch my back with cancel culture out here this week
Who said anything about wiping their work from existence? The work will always exist. Those of us who hang out in "cancel culture " are only saying the artist should somehow be held publically accountable when they abuse people. Wealth and acclaim are a privilege, not a right.
Teen fiction and the perils of cancel culture: Latest Library Links   
"Cancel culture largely disables us from looking at celebrities with nuance and context.   We become so much more obsessed with the ‘what’ that we can completely ignore the ‘why’."   
Here, I'll help, Daniel, "cancel culture" is when you destroy all the petri dishes. #YoureWelcome
rich celeb doing an interview: (something problematic)  a few hundred twitterers: Hey man, that hurt my feelings, here's wh--  celeb: THIS CANCEL CULTURE HAS TO STOP!!!
The Hound has all the makings of a good comic. A loner w/ emotional baggage. Carries guilt for who he was, while accepting that's who he is. Tried to go good but failed. Politically neutral. The Hound would be the really dark comic no one admits to liking bcause of cancel culture
If you go back far enough, who HASN'T made astoundingly horrific comments defending child rape, amirite folks? This "cancel culture" is just too much! #IStandWithTuckerCarlson
Opinion | Teen Fiction and the Perils of Cancel Culture - The New York Times   
Teen Fiction and the Perils of Cancel Culture   
“ If Twitter controls publishing, we’ll soon enter a dreary monoculture that admits no book unless it has been prejudged and meets the standards of the censors.” Opinion | Teen Fiction and the Perils of Cancel Culture - The New York Times   
To hell with ‘Cancel Culture.’ America never canceled the art, music, films, poetry, and creative works of flawed white people who raped, assaulted, murdered, stole, were bigots, on drugs, or just bad people.   But it wants to erase the lives, legacies, and works of Black people.
"Maybe we should just stop writing literature altogether. I mean, after all, it's so scary. It can hurt people," writes Owen from Ca. in a comment on the essay, "Teen Fiction and the Perils of Cancel Culture."        
. &amp;  enter their thoughts on "Cancel Culture" and label  a "pig" &amp; a "monster"  Read here:   
. &amp;  enter their thoughts on "Cancel Culture" and label  a "pig" &amp; a "monster"  Read here:   
  Phil decided to find out if cancel culture really exists, wow
Great piece by  lays out why if cancel culture wins culture will be cancelled.      
Reading the latest story on cancel culture, censors, and the Twitter mob: Aren’t mobs and censors quite different kinds of entities? It strikes me that the constant conflation plays a significant role in covering up how these takes fail to account for, or even consider, power.
Teen Fiction and the Perils of Cancel Culture   
Social media creates a warped marketplace within which people and products are mis-judged: those who are quick and cruel get disproportionate influence. Here's 's analysis of the young adult literature market and its "cancel culture":   
‘He was Robespierre with his own neck in the guillotine.’   Opinion | Teen Fiction and the Perils of Cancel Culture - The New York Times   
Oh yay yet another piece by someone who is not part of the YA community lecturing everyone about ‘cancel culture.’    
"Teen Fiction and the Perils of Cancel Culture"  we get it, nobody likes accountability
This week, one of the captains of cancel culture got cancelled himself. Maybe it's because the mob-ordered rules for writing Young Adult fiction are untenable.   
Teen Fiction and the Perils of Cancel Culture   via    
Teen Fiction and the Perils of Cancel Culture   
It actually really really surprises me that people are surprised he got "canceled"  Is this supposed to be some new height in the minutiae of SJW cancel culture? That doing a romance between two foreigners using a historical atrocity as a "backdrop" is tasteless?
"Teen Fiction and the Perils of Cancel Culture," by     h/t 
  Cancel culture fucked us on this one
"One of the captains of “cancel culture” — which urges people to shun the insensitive, the oppressive, the morally questionable — got canceled himself."    
"Teen Fiction and the Perils of Cancel Culture"   
"Cancel culture." Something else that makes it feel as though we're living in the worst timeline. Read this by  and weep.   
This week, one of the captains of cancel culture got cancelled himself. Maybe it's because the mob-ordered rules for writing Young Adult fiction are untenable. My column:   
Oh nice!  mentioned an article about Michael Jackson and “cancel culture” on  . He didn’t mention my name, but by his description that would be my article! Check it out:   
Cancel culture is toxic. Gives too much room for weird agendas and shit. And that’s that on that.
What do you do when your favorite artist or creator becomes more than a problematic fave? When cancel culture drops judgment, should you follow suit?  We asked three writers with three very different opinions to weigh in.   
The Scottish comedian talks about raising his son, mental health, and cancel culture.   
 Cancel culture? No, I hadn't really thought about it that way.
I hate #CancelCulture. I hope it gets cancelled.
  I've had a couple of teens DM me (at other times) to say they feel unsafe to speak up and give their opinions because the community is so unforgiving of people who get things wrong.   And like, I get cancel culture for genuinely terrible adults but we shouldn't be scaring teens.
but I’m sure we’re all looking forward to another column/more airtime on how “cancel culture” and “political correctness” are the real threats to our vibrant democracy
  I think what fella is trying to say is, if you show any growth or genuine remorse then cancel culture is likely to swallow you, but if you do a trump you'll be fine
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
All I'm saying is "cancel culture" was birthed from Black Twitter as something counter-hegemonic. It's been well and truly appropriated by general twitter as a term spawning from mob culture, making it about as hegemonic as it gets. Anyway... Enough with that bee in my bonnet.
 The "cancel culture" context/connotation is even harsher.
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
 So? I can agree to all that and still find it distasteful that people are trying to turn it into a cause. I don't like "cancel" culture, either. Doesn't give people license to make up stories about Rotten Tomatoes, when the site itself shows differently.
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
Hot &amp; Disabled, Why We Have Cancel Culture, &amp; RIP Bill Jenkins      
LEAVING NEVERLAND |  joined  to talk about  "Leaving Neverland" documentary and its effect on cancel culture.   LISTEN HERE:      
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
Cancel culture at work
Subscription culture led us to cancel culture. We've been putting our culture on layaway. Everything was way better when we just stole music and dubbed tapes.  When people tried to cancel NWA they had to physically buy copies of the record to burn them. That's commitment.
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
 Because of course the flipside is then that anyone who behaves badly must be a villain. Et voila! Cancel Culture is born.
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
I've said it before, I am part of the call out culture but not the cancel culture. I'm in the business of making people better. Not destroying them. If people refuse to change after seeing our righteous indignation, then we have no other resort but to surgically elbow them out.
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
I'm only an hour into Leaving Neverland and I'm currently going through all of my Spotify playlists and removing everything Michael Jackson (and R. Kelly, for that matter) because HOLY SHIT this is harrowing. Cancel culture needs to officially come for Michael.
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
 I didnt even see the doc yet. I just said that everyone should listen to MJ while they can. I didnt say MJ or anyone should be canceled but I know you all believe in cancel culture, hence people wanting to cancel me just because I said to listen to your fave while you can.
I think the part I’m most excited about is the 9000 recycled “cancel culture” essays
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
  Cancel culture is real
   HELLO YES I WAS JUST TALKING ABOUT ALL OF THIS TOO JSYK CANCEL CULTURE IS CANCELLED NOW   
Cancel culture is so obsessed with the ‘what’ that we can completely ignore the ‘why’.    
Cancel culture is so obsessed with the ‘what’ that we end up completely ignoring the ‘why’.     
Cancel culture doesn't exist.
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
I had some thoughts on cancel culture but then I remembered that the internet is no place for my genuine thoughts on anything.
'If there was some assurance that real justice was possible, would cancel culture even feel necessary or important to so many people? Could we better separate the art and the artist if we could use a set of prison bars to do it?'      
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
 Unchecked cancel culture grows until is reaches some external limit, because there is always someone willing to call for the next marginal thing to be banned, and when it works they are rewarded with followers and a sense of purpose. It’s like a form of entrepreneurship.
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
I think this article gets a little too pumped about carceral justice vs. restorative justice, but it has a lot of food for thought.  I’d love to cancel Cancel Culture. But I’m not sure how.
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
  You are doing what is called taking me out of context, putting words in my mouth, and judging me for not getting on board with cancel culture.  Like I said, I have my own exp w/ Chris. So unlike the internet, I’m going to off my IRL exp. Can’t believe that’s controversial
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
This by  is by far the best thing I've read on cancel culture, or, convolutedly, "not separating art from the artist". Such a seemingly obvious point (if real justice occurred, cancel culture would not be necessary) that no-one else has been able to nail
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
"Cancel culture, in fact, is an incoherent and inadequate response to sexual abuse. People turn to it because real justice is elusive."   
This is a thoughtful piece about where cancel culture comes from and why it's deeply flawed.
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
Can we still listen to Michael Jackson? We wouldn't need "cancel culture" if we had justice culture   
People bring up money, and I think that’s interesting but not really why cancel culture is a thing. For instance, all my MJ records are used, bought at secondhand shops. But I still have this question of whether it’s okay to play them or own them.
I want to get past this binary debate about whether cancel culture is good or bad, and look at why people feel the need to resort to it, and what it would take to  make people feel they have to do things like throw out MJ records.   
   Cancel culture is meeting its match with the Michael Jackson documentary.   It’s time to think about a path forward. I argue we wouldn’t need cancel culture if we had a justice culture.
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
Watch to see  get real about that tattoo, and being terrified of internet cancel culture   
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
A reflection on things I ponder (with FAR less eloquence) when listening to Spector and James Brown records. What a superb piece of writing by : "The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture"    via 
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
It’s time we talk about Momo and cancel culture going too far. Are we really just going to cancel Momo because she’s not “real”? Oh, so what if tomorrow you wake up and discover YOU’RE not “real”?
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
I don’t like “cancel culture” and would prefer “fail to renew culture” where famous people have to prove every two years or so if they’re still worthy of being famous.
Cancel culture has really gotten out of hand
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
The Scottish comedian talks about raising his son, mental health, and cancel culture.   
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
Uitstekend stuk: The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.    via 
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
 Cancel culture claims another. Smh
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
From celebrities to high fashion brands, people still can’t seem to understand that blackface is never ever okay. On #NeedToKnow, we discuss all the ways these racist images are harmful, cancel culture, and where we go from here   
Timely read! RT : The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture       
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
cancel culture is me cancelling all of you for not telling me the second this happened
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
This take on "cancel culture" by  is crucial reading, covering all bases with essential empathy. 2019 zeitgeist. As a James Brown fan, this has been on my mind for years but especially this month.
Some more personal thoughts on ’ Leaving Neverland and the wave of cancel culture we’re experiencing. A screen shot of a powerful quote from his article, followed by my own words on IG.   
Very well written article by  about the implications of the disturbing new MJ doc and cancel culture.     
What happens when an irresistible force of righteous outrage runs into an immovable object of cultural history?  on how the Michael Jackson allegations test the limits of cancel culture:   
The Michael Jackson reckoning will reveal the limits of cancel culture.   
i like "cancel culture" only because it makes people seem like subscriptions you accidentally kept going once the free trial was up and that is Correct
(I had, er, mixed feelings about that instance of Cancel Culture. I get the whole "giving voice to deplorable views" thing, but I can't exactly see New Yorker Festival attendees joining the National Front. I wouldn't PAY him to speak tho.)
I've been pressed on Cancel Culture on 2 podcasts and a poker game in the last week. It's a fascinating, extremely complex, and very misunderstood phenomenon. I think I may have to add a chapter about it to my book.
Bad news -- the guy who invented cancel culture did some really offensive tweets in 2014
been thinking a lot about this idea of things that sound really dire and urgent but actually mean very little, or nothing at all. "I'm tired of being told what movies I can like" or "cancel culture" or etc
The Scottish comedian talks about raising his son, mental health, and cancel culture.   
  This is why I don’t be tweeting anymore. #cancelculture
 “Score one for cancel culture”
 wow.... stay tuned for my blog tomorrow: has cancel culture gone too far
  I meannnnnnnn I ain’t forgot his buffoonery, and I don’t really subscribe to cancel culture. But...  THAT SNIPPET WAS FLAMEZ 🔥
"cancel culture" is a term that rich people made up to try to make accountability seem unfashionable
Wow this internet cancel culture spares no man
The Scottish comedian talks about raising his son, mental health, and cancel culture.   
We should the end the myth surrounding Cancel Culture (via )   
We should the end the myth surrounding Cancel Culture    via 
       What’s a “cancel culture”???.
i hate this new “cancel culture”
The first cancellation occurred when God cancelled Adam and Eve for eating from the tree of knowledge even though Eve was gaslighted into eating the apple by Satan, suggesting that from the beginning cancel culture was inherently problematic.
this is important. because, in the age of "cancel" culture, we fail to look for the nuance and duality. all survivors of sexual abuse and harassment deserve to have their voices heard. Lisa stepped down because her son may be an abuser.  this is complicated, but also, very real.
 Oh, definitely. I'd also like a transmat beam.  I totally agree that cancel culture is largely a fantasy.
cancel culture really started back in late 1800s transylvania with Van Helsing
Wow can't believe she was silenced for trying to have a debate on her Instagram account about whether black people looked like Aunt Jemima and should be killed! When will we stop ruining lives with shame and cancel culture?  (That's how this goes, right?)    
. spills all the tea 🍵 on #RKelly 😵 #CancelCulture 🚫#intersectionality 🤲🏿 during this wine-fueled #ManwhorePodcast! Seriously a killer episode.  iPhone:    Android:    Spotify:      
 This is cancel culture
If we actually lived in the "cancel culture" conservatives fear, the general take on Karl Lagerfeld's aphorisms and outtakes, on the occasion of his passing, would not have been that he had a "razor wit."
By  this is thoughtful, balanced &amp; about the best thing I have read on twitterstorms &amp; 'cancel culture' etc etc (via )     
typically smart and thoughtful piece from  on 'cancel culture', online mobs and their political composition   
 Chuck and Flav, pioneers of cancel culture.
joking about cancelling people is funny but im going to lose it if another person decides to martyr themselves on the hill of "cancel culture" or the intolerant jacobin digital horde. relax man
This week's Dear Fifi covers cancel culture, and coping with former close friends who want nothing to do with you.   
I’m just waiting for a baseball game to be canceled due to rain so I can make a comment about cancel culture being the worst
 NARY a CisHet BW has been “cancelled” from my vantage point but they always the ones out here going hard against this alleged cancel culture.
 SO sick of cancel culture
Digital culture can’t handle analog facts. #Repost  with download_repost ・・・ Cancel Cancel Culture. Full interview with  on  youtube page now!!!!   
'How cancel culture risks eliminating nuance from public conversation' – Joshua Joda blogs   
Cancel Cancel Culture. Full interview with  on  youtube page now!!!!   
My appearance this morning on  talking about #Cancel Culture,  and blackness, and racial politics in VA, including ! Michael Eric Dyson Explains His Beef With Cancel Culture, Kamala Harris ...    via 
Vocabulary as a sign of the times: the Open Dictionary now has entries for CANCEL CULTURE    and the related, emerging sense of the verb CANCEL    #languagechange
Twitter is apparently considering the inclusion of a feature in the app that would allow users to clarify their old tweets, in regard to ‘cancel culture.’ Are you here for it? 🤔   
 “Cancel culture” is brain-stem-level fear-response thinking
A. We have long established that cancel culture is not the horrible onerous burden people claim it is, being canceled is fundamentally a temporary refusal to put up with someone's bigotry or violence. It's like being sent to Coventry if people remember the idea of shunning.
'How cancel culture risks eliminating nuance from public conversation' – Joshua Joda blogs   
'How cancel culture risks eliminating nuance from public conversation' – Joshua Joda blogs   
 It’s not just the mainstream media... it’s Twitter’s cancel culture, and seemingly righteous mob justice. While we need to believe victims, we also can’t keep declaring people guilty of all crimes they are accused of.
Cancel Culture inspires new Twitter feature?    
 BACKED. HE’S A SWEET DUDE. NOBODY IS BORN WOKE AND TRYING TO HURT SOMEONE’S LIFE AND CAREER FOR SOMETHING THEY OBVIOUSLY DONT ENDORSE NOW IS CANCEL CULTURE AT IT’S LAZIEST.
Cancel Culture inspires new Twitter feature?    
I've definitely begun to think "cancel culture" is getting out of hand but can we cancel him anyway
I’m quoted in this piece by  on cancel culture. I was initially declined to talk to Robyn because frankly she’d been kind of a dick about me and my work in the past.   
'How cancel culture risks eliminating nuance from public conversation' – Joshua Joda blogs   
Elle Mills gets real about her controversial tattoo, internet fame and cancel culture   
'How cancel culture risks eliminating nuance from public conversation' – Joshua Joda blogs   
 You need to write a dissertation on the fallacy that is cancel culture
'How cancel culture risks eliminating nuance from public conversation' – Joshua Joda blogs   
Take our #FlashpointPoll. What do you think about the #CancelCulture??
With cancel culture at it's peak is there any chance we could cancel Brexit?
I’m like 78% sure that black twitter creates 90% of the trendy content on here. Our biggest one yet. Cancel culture 😂
Cancel culture is a problem. People can change. And we should give them an opportunity to do so.  That's why I'm willing to reconsider Anthony Bradley if he's willing to publicly repent for the things he's said about black theology/students, colonial churches, &amp; min. wage workers
 And plus, who doesn't love chairs? When it comes to sitting, hard to beat 'em. Cancel culture is getting out of hand.
This is somehow relevant to all of our rules about enforcing ever-changing language and "cancel culture" or whatever but I'm too tired to think through exactly how. What I am sure of though is almost everything we think and say now will be considered insanely bad in ten years
I missed the drama here but it's an interesting 2019 morality tale about cancel culture and the unsolicited reload - as Plastic says, used to happen all the time at FWD; I remember  *glaring* at Benjybars for doing this and ruining his momentum   
 Cancel Culture Will Eat Itself
Wtf is cancel culture?
This overreaction is part of a bigger picture and discussion we need to address about cancel culture in general   1)the satisfaction we get from publicly shaming &amp; embarassing others is actually borderline sadistic   2)ppl were too quick to attack w/out understanding the context
CANCEL CULTURE HAS GONE TOO FAR!!!   
Twitter cancel culture needs to chill
Also might be useful if you have issues with  “cancel culture” to remember that what people are saying is “someone’s actions had consequences.”
Is it just me or did “Cancel Culture Is Toxic/You Must Forgive Immediately/ Outrage on Twitter Is Worse Than Anything Else in the World/ If You Express Concern About Something You’re ‘Virtue Signaling’” Twitter observe opposite day in response to recent political controversies?
 There’s no cancel culture until you don’t go to church aha.
This year, we’re taking #PinkShirtDay digital. As online interactions become increasingly polarized, how can we balance critical thought and compassion?  Read our blog post to learn more about what we mean by ‘cancel culture’.      
  Do you feel the same after her non-apology? I agree with you that cancel culture is not helpful in politics - she’s going to be in Congress for 2 yrs so it’s better that someone at least try to explain what’s wrong - but I also wonder where to draw the line.
 This cancel culture is out of control!
read ⁦⁩ on the great exaggeration of cancel culture’s effectiveness and who it ever really cancels permanently.   
...because when you don’t, you risk entering a cultural conversation with which you are extremely unfamiliar. Half of cancel culture occurs when someone enters the dialogue at step one but the conversation is on step 1,001.   It doesn’t work.
 such is the law of Cancel Culture
Q5. What impact do you think 'cancel culture' has on social media? #BlogosphereChat   
Welcome to the #BlogosphereChat! Topic: Cancel culture ❌❌❌   First question coming in five minutes...   
The #BlogosphereChat returns in just one hour! Topic: Cancel culture ❌❌❌   
Why do you people put up with abusive parents? Why don't you extend your cancel culture to them?
Cancel culture is so counterproductive...we need to have actual discussions. Get down to thr root of the problem...discuss and educate.
 haha, that tweet is excellent. but still...  let's totally cancel cancel culture
"Cancel Culture" is and always has been a myth.
 Word. Not a fan of our overly sensitive cancel culture but after seeing the interviews, it doesn’t look good. He does seem to have mental issues like Mel Gibson and we should be empathetic but there’s some denial that needs to be addressed. He’s not owning the “racism” part.
 Dallas is the latest victim of cancel culture. hate to see it go.
I wrote a  thing about apologies, virtue signaling, cancel culture, and the trainwreck that is Virginia politics. Because I am just delighted to have to write about blackface in 2019.   
The #BlogosphereChat returns THIS SUNDAY at 8pm! Topic: Cancel culture ❌❌❌   
Riddle me this: If Twitter is all about cancel culture how come Brooklyn Nine Nine is still making new episodes?
Elsa-ed ADJECTIVE  To be so frozen by cancel culture , moral top trumping, white knighting or whataboutism on social media that you end doing twenty drafts of a tweet then saying nothing   ELSA-ED
  Unilaterally deciding to discontinue supporting a person or brand is fine, but that’s not what cancel culture is. Riling up an anonymous lynch mob on the internet is dangerous for reasons that require far more than 280 characters. It can do good. But it can also be wildly abused.
 I don’t know what you’re referring to specifically, but “cancel culture” is different from “taking a break”. Taking a break implies that there will be reconnection down the line. But when something/someone is cancelled, it’s outta there. I think cancel culture is dangerous.
"Cancel culture" is just the silent treatment. The suggestion that taking a break from people who make you mad is some newfangled internet shit is about the silliest widely accepted idea of our time.
 cancel culture is bad
How do you feel about cancel culture? #SOTC
Cancel culture is the justice system of the dumb mob mentality
lately every one talks about "cancel culture"...but what if we tried "ok" culture instead   
thought I’d successfully avoided cancel culture to this point, but I just remembered a guy that dumped me cuz I tweeted about how beard men aren’t as hot after they shave &amp; he found it. He wasn’t even on twitter but ya girl got CANCELLED 😂 (I’m a different person now I’ve grown)
 Exactly! This cancel culture is ridiculous
This is the Tipping Point moment for Cancel Culture.   The pendulum can only swing back the other way now...
You: “I hate cancel culture”  Translation: “You hate marginalized folx being able to call you to the mat because you think they’re beneath you. Bonus points if the folx in question are Black &amp; you’re not. More points if y’all are the same color &amp; you’re the more privileged one.   
  cancel culture is out of control
The main folx tweeting about ‘cancel culture’ rn are gonna hate me tomorrow when my column goes up 😂   
 #cancelculture
And that’s why this “cancel culture “ convo is a joke. Because here’s th thing very rarely do people want people canceled . They want them to not be harmful . They want them to not be damaging
 Cancel culture is reductive and bad, but I hope allies aren't so easily frightened by criticism.   For instance, I'm genuinely curious why you've stayed with Dave Becky as a manager, who was Louis CK's enforcer, and never apologized (still!) to the women whose careers he harmed.
I requested an interview with Zadie Smith about cancel culture and purity politics and she (wisely) replied, "This e-mail should be filed under 'being offered enough rope to hang yourself.'"    
 Additionally, while I agree that the cancel culture that's been created online is really out of control, let's not forget this lawmaker not only did what he did - but he *lied* about it.
🕘 #5LiveYourCall - What do you make of cancel culture?    Will you watch a Liam Neeson film after his recent comments?   There are plenty of other examples - Michael Jackson's music, Kevin Spacey films, R Kelly's music, would you turn it off?   📞 08085 909 693  📱 85058   
Shitty old people: protesting is dumb, if you dont like something just dont pay attention to it  the youth: ok I'm gonna stop giving money to these racists and abusers  SOP: UH UH CANCEL CULTURE IS CANCELED
 “People criticize decision” can be applied to anything. To cast criticism nebulously as “cancel culture” seems to criticize.... criticism itself. It’s weird and also pointless?
"Cancel culture has to be cancelled"   "You can't cancel out another human being, cancel your subscription to historical amnesia, cancel your credit card drawn on the bank of corrupt understandings of our culture" -     
“I learned a lot of things aren’t okay, things I thought were funny, through cancel culture.”   #SOTC   
And it’s bothersome because it shows a delay in feminism and journalism etc etc because again the “cancel culture” bullshit . Isn’t just about vitriol in conversation
On #CancelCulture, if you didn’t: help advocate for those facing discrimination, donate to our mentoring, homeless, or other programs, stand with us against racist policing, help advance legislation or litigation, you weren’t a ‘supporter.’ Your Twitter ‘unfollow’ means nothing.
Somebody: “I don’t think that “cancel culture” is fair to people who word something a little wrong” Liam Neeson: “Here is the very specific way I wandered the streets hoping to murder any random black guy who looked at me the wrong way because I needed revenge like oxygen.”
Kinda sick of social media. Seeing the ugly side of people you admire is disappointing and even disgusting. It’s beyond “cancel culture”...it’s more loss of leadership. Maybe the illusion is better.
Everyone be loving the “cancel culture” but if you really wanna cancel something, cancel tequila...
Everybody should keep growing. The fact that he looked around for the space to moonwalk today shows you he doesn’t take this whole thing seriously. Cancel culture can certainly go too far but I don’t understand how you pretend he’s shown remorse or growth from med school pics.
Either loud or quiet we suffer and “cancel culture” is toxic but the alternative is... ?
god driving adam and eve out of the garden of eden was truly the genesis of cancel culture
We thing “cancel culture land “ghosting” are buzz words enough for not being kind or decent for being entitled . We look for self acceptance in a box or bottle and it’s again because we’re scared and vulnerable and squishy and hurt about it.
When my mothers blood pressure stops spiking every time she hears “wall “ then we talk. When the fact “cancel culture “ protects my mom and me from people who refuse to reconcile their past with their current perception the. We talk.
Loving XXXTentacion and Tekashi 6ix9ine – how Generation Z are rejecting woke Millennials’ ‘cancel’ culture      
when white people complaining about the evils of cancel culture overlap with the cishet men complaining that accusations of abuse "ruin careers".
 There you go with your cancel culture again...
Cancel culture is toxic but no one talks about how... tired and tiring it is to be the spot where everyone gets cancels ON.
 In this cancel culture time, she should have known better though. It’s unnecessary regardless
Everyone who jumps into the 2020 race it’s #StanCulture vs #CancelCulture  going hard.   The binary mentality of our society is so nauseating. We’ve all turned into Siths, dealing in absolutes.   
“Is there space among the woke for those who are still waking?”  Forgot where I heard that, but made me think of “cancel” culture. Is there any room for people to learn, grow and change in our society? Seems we alienate, ridicule and dismiss more often
Kehlani &amp; Reyna Biddy Discuss Cancel Culture, Assault, XXXTentacion &amp; R. Kelly      
Also can the “cancel culture” convo include how ghosting isn’t just in relationships but in movements and media where folks just leave because they have no skin in the game . And “cancel culture” is a way of learning not to depend on people like that
It’s cute people get say cancel culture and go prattle about hand stands because their white friends think it’s so true. When do we talk about my apt getting broken into or the constant death threats
These young music fans are rejecting cancel culture: “You can still enjoy music that’s created by people who do things that you don’t support”      
 Not responding to "cancel culture" (it's not a thing except a way for people who do wrong to make themselves victims) but I know that as a woc who never in my wildest dreams thought I'd ever go to college I felt really offended that you knocked community college students.
 there is an overt sense of entitlement when white folks complain about cancel culture like "how dare you suggest some ppl should earn a living doing something else". Paradoxically, they rarely consider how the victims of those who've been cancelled had to earn a living/ survive
folks are getting stabbed, noosed, shot, etc and y’all are talking about cancel “culture” with more consideration than canceled LIVES
 also, if we talk in capitalist terms cancel culture is just another form of "the market has spoken". Nobody is obliged to spend their money, time or resources on harmful stuff. Cancelling isn't the death penalty, those people can still lead fulfilling lives outside the public eye
I want folks to be as concerned with the time collapse of these “cancel culture” moments, incidents of violenta and calls for forgiveness
But “cancel culture “ is a buzz word that doesn’t examine power, doesn’t examine who and what gets canceled , who gets to be redeemed and who has people fighting to redeem them versus who doesn’t
 If you're gonna talk trash, talk accurate trash. I never said Hart was "canceled" because I don't believe in "cancel culture." Wrote about why not even two weeks ago. You mad at something, but it's not me.      
"In a way, what this show truly becomes is productive activism, critiquing not just closed-minded conservatism but also hyper-liberal cancel-culture."   
. talks "Cancel Culture,"  and  on the latest episode of the "Sunday Gems" podcast.    
Kehlani &amp; Reyna Biddy Discuss Cancel Culture, Assault, XXXTentacion &amp; R. Kelly      
These young music fans are rejecting cancel culture: “You can still enjoy music that’s created by people who do things that you don’t support”      
Kehlani questions the impact of "cancel culture."   'These people that we go in on, their streaming goes up, their views go up, it's disheartening as f**k.'      
 when they call us "cancel culture" this is exactly what we mean
Kehlani &amp; Reyna Biddy Address XXXTENTACION, R. Kelly, Cancel Culture: “Let’s Be Real – Nobody Ends Up Getting Cancelled”      
Loving XXXTentacion – how the younger generation are rejecting woke Millennials’ ‘cancel’ culture      
I mean, show me the fav who hasn't been problematic. People have to be allowed to evolve. Our punitive cancel culture is a huge waste of energy, especially when it takes aim at those who actively demonstrate growth. Progressivism has to allow for progress. 🤓
I think my goal is to practice Compassionate Cancel Culture.
. stopped by #TheRoot to chat about his new Netflix series "Trigger Warning," the #SuperBowl half-time show, "cancel culture" and more.   
  Omg I’m so sick of cancel culture. Plans has apologised for its past, let it go.
This is the problem with cancel culture. Not everything someone does calls for the “accountability” you’re seeking.  I respect Cole because, based on his actions, I have no reason not to.   I don’t have to think like him or agree 100% of the time. That’s okay.
 Cancel culture strikes again smh
Happy birthday, ! 🎉  Take a look back at his cover story on cancel culture, the trouble with fame and schooling young rappers      
And for clarity, I'm not calling for the end of #CancelCulture -- some trash dumps like R. Kelly and Shaun King should be cancelled.   But I don't think this should always be the go-to. Some just need to fall-back and let others take the lead. #FallBackCulture is about that.
Discussing “cancel culture” with  this afternoon and wondering what youthful position I took that’s most at odds with my current politics. Either catholic school pro-life cell membership or an impassioned defence of Lena Dunham one can still find on my blog I reckon.
I need to find a good piece of writing that describes the difference between reckless #CancelCulture and responding to people who lie or willingly engage in false messages because I see these being conflated.
 It seems like a blind spot to me, I’d like to give her the benefit of the doubt in that respect. I’m not a an of drag and cancel culture. But, yeah, it feels uninformed and, actually, unfair to imply to young women that living alone is achievable because, for most, it isn’t.
Welcome to cancel culture . Your seat is in the back
In today's #cancelculture, it's so easy to write off celebrities who we feel aren't down for the culture. One of our writers lets us know why he WON'T be canceling the artists participating in the Super Bowl.     
All of this makes our era unnecessarily complicated: it’s all just extra-judicial blacklisting. The Left is becoming a progressive Baskin Robbins with 31 flavors of blacklisting from No-Platforming to Cancel Culture to Call Outs to Operation Chokepoint,...   
. stopped by The Root to chat about his new Netflix series "Trigger Warning," the Super Bowl half-time show, "cancel culture," and more.   
Only people who should be mad at cancel culture are the people who deservedly need to or got their asses canceled. Caping for Pill Cosby or the King of R&amp;Pee is a fail.
I like the distinction Clarissa makes here between boycotts and cancel culture, which can mean a lot of different things depending on who is talking. I think this is an important political recentering.
Imagine waiting and waiting and waiting for years for justice and right when it seems like it’s on the verge of happening, celebrity stranger bitches decide to lecture you on forgiveness and the banality of cancel culture
But until something besides “cancel culture” is available that prioritizes the ability for a victim to put DISTANCE between them and an abuser ?
The only problem I have with cancel culture is the part where folks try to swarm and cancel you for not thoroughly cancelling the person they cancelled.
Cancel Culture is good.  can it spin out of control? yep. so can water. rainstorm is nourishing, too much is a flood. toxicologists say: the dose makes the poison. Cancel Culture is good...bc it is a powerful tool for marginalized ppl to collectively hold the powerful accountable
 this fool made up a whole culture to defend that man. cancel culture. what in the
Video thread. FFS when will the cancel culture catch up with this guy.
And literally "cancel culture" involves no rhetoric about ownership. The outrage against does come down to an erroneous belief that you are owed support no matter what you do. That's not how any of this works. Solidarity is not sacrificing the safety of children to protect adults
This "Cancel culture is bad" routine prioritizes protecting predators above else &amp; you ought to be ashamed of yourself. There's no amnesia in not giving cover to criminal acts against children.
What you just described is not “cancel culture”, furthermore this sounds like you’d be a Bill Cosby or R Kelly apologist with this logic.
 This person is being portrayed as the victim of cancel culture.  I figure that we can find out what's in our file. I got 99 problems and a snitch aint one.
I'm very much for abolition culture. I don't believe cancel culture serves us in the end bc who the hell gon be left to fight? I'm just highly suspicious of how these conversations are unfolding always around cishet men with power and access.
Yes there are some exceptions but overall... cancel culture makes me sick! 🤷🏾‍♂️
So all those millenials/ Genexers dedicated to #CancelCulture : You canceling Chloe × Halle for performing at the Superbowl ? Gonna stop watching  ? Just curious
People have every right to divest from you if they can no longer trust you. And owe you no other reason other than that.  Cancel culture has nothing to do with it.  💔
And THAT’S why I will never take you nignogs seriously when you mention “cancel culture”. Because your reasoning for challenging “cancelling” swill always be this shallow and indefensible.   
So seek out comedians, it’s an art form that I feel is given such little respect. The talent out there is incredible and varied. Also AGENTS OF CHANGE should be a marvel series. There are many forces out to destroy stand up at the moment. I’d like to cancel cancel culture
 Cancel culture is officially out of control!
Cancel culture is out of control   
During her first UK visit, we caught up with bestselling author Roxane Gay to discuss the problem with the way society relates to fat bodies, mistreatment from the media and cancel culture      
How do we cancel "cancel culture"? Looking for your suggestions...
 What is cancel culture?
Cancel culture got perfect lives you know 😅
Twitter has deviated from a place where we have meaningful conversations in a bid to learn. To a place where people are afraid to share opinions because of the mob and where the mob weaponises cancel culture and insults on people who have different opinions
 I’m with you that I’m not the biggest fan of cancel culture. In this case I’m all for canceling people early. we’re out here struggling with r Kelly and Steve king. We don’t need the pile to get bigger
Cancel Culture is going after Old Tweets... How far back they willing to go? 😎 #UnsafeSets   
Cancel Culture doesn't work. Theyre  always going to have their supporters.
  Which isn't cancel culture at all, isn't even a "mob mentality" and has very little to do with just knowing something.
Folks like to pretend “cancel culture” is new when ya’ll know damn well your Mama cut off cousin Lisa 20 years ago for who knows what  reason &amp; Lisa ain’t been to a family function since. 🧐🤷🏽‍♀️
  that's a bullshit ass lie. There is no "cancel culture"
Someone needs to do a research on cancel culture and its effect on the cancelled.
 I truly don’t anymore. I still check my indirects on social media but that’s because they’re vastly troll free and even if I do get irked I keep it to myself. It’s this growing worldwide “cancel” culture that’s getting me down. I just don’t want to be a part of any of it anymore.
If there were ever a case for cancel culture, it's Logan Paul.
medium take: marginalized ppl aren’t so afraid of cancel culture bc we’ve lived with it for days, the idea if we cross the wrong social line, act wrong in the eyes of others, we risk getting cancelled for a promotion, project, job, gig, scholarship, grant, loan, placement, etc.
i don't like cancel culture &amp; i'm not saying "cancel the weeknd," but these are the kinds of lyrics that fucked me up when i was younger &amp; subconsciously kept me in the closet. so it's important to talk about and say "this is isn't ok"
men get in the bathtub on their hands and knees so their balls hit the water last AND they don’t wash their faces. cancel culture do ya thing
I am SICK of cancel culture!!! I’m sick of people being called out ! YES, it was my Progresso Light Chicken &amp; Dumpling soup that exploded in the work microwave! I thought I cleaned all of it up! OBVIOUSLY I missed some spots! I’m not a bad person!!!!!!
 i don't think it's thankless or offers little pay but cancel culture has made celebs think twice about everything, which is unfortunate
 Cancel culture has been underestimated then.
Hey conservatives coming at me for supporting Angela Davis (uh, thanks ) tell me again how it’s only the left engaged in cancel culture and shutting down unpopular speech?!??? I’ll wait.
I’m not into cancel culture but I cannot with all this shit coming to light. We all have problematic faves, but there’s a point where problematic becomes abhorrent. 🤷🏻‍♀️
2019 cancel culture
(Cancel culture) "If you can ban all abuser artists - can you ban that abuser in your family? If you are not doing that...what are you really doing?"   w/   #KarenRebels     Ch. 126
I never ever ever said that. Not in a podcast. Not to a person. Not to myself. They added that on their own. Cancel culture.
 Life is all about growth!! Cancel culture sucks, I found this super old photo of us, I looked insane but you looked great lol 🛸🖤   
"Hoeing For Jesus" ft.  &amp;    B2K is bright and facety. Fuck R. Kelly Missy Elliot cancelled???? The rules of cancel culture.  Soundcloud:     Spotify:      
And because of a director that was actually removed during production stage,  the many other hands that made the film a success shouldn't be celebrated or recognized?  I get your point but at some point, we have to be reasonable.  This 'cancel' culture will do more harm than good
 That's fine.. but I grew up with family members who are LGBTQ so I understand the issue deeply and I just don't agree with folks bashing her about it. It's like this "cancel" culture we have is just all over the place. I just don't agree with how it's being handled. Sorry, sis!
Some conservative Muslims use concepts such as normative "Islamic values" to create their own version of cancel culture.
Stop weaponizing social justice language and the polarizing nature of “cancel culture” to distract from your fuck up challenge
Cancel culture ain’t ever gonna be legitimized because the bar has never been set for it to be practiced, and the goal posts are consistently moved back to fit arguments where need be.
Chance did an interview saying that he didn't believe R. Kelly's victims because they were black women. People have a right to be angry at that, without being dismissed as outrage/cancel culture. He can apologize and be better, but people don't have to immediately absolve him.
for the record, i don’t fuck with cancel culture because i think people are capable of changing/growth.   but they genuinely have to show that they have evolved.   and they rarely do.
 Honestly people are living on such a hair trigger these days I think it's becoming impossible for them to see the forest through the trees when it comes to cancel culture
The problem with cancel culture is a lot of you MF’s blow whichever way the wind does. You move the goal posts to suit your agendas. NO ONE is being impartial. Everyone’s “facts” are based on personal feelings. Laws / rules / regulations should NEVER be dictated by feelings.
See that’s the thing, I’m not asking you cancel anyone. I’m not part of cancel culture. You can’t cancel anyone or anything, period. But you sure as hell can talk about it and express how you feel.
dear cancel culture,   understand numbers are numbers any brand, company, artist etc you mention whether negative or positive you're still generating analytics/numbers.
 People are only woke on Twitter. We know this hahaha the cancel culture never cancels anyone.. Robert Sylvester Kelly is laughing straight to the bank...
 Like I said. Someone is getting paid. You know cancel culture does nothing but give the person(s) more of a platform. In this Era any publicity is good pub
Why are we obsessed with teaching people a lesson.    Why must every misstep come with punishment.   Why are we pushing cancel culture   Why do we seek to ostracize people  We make mistakes and expect forgiveness. Why can't we extend the same olive branch to others.
So sorry... we aren’t “canceling” Chappelle. This cancel culture is getting on my last nerves. #ISaidWhatISaid   
Thank God there was no Cancel Culture when Chappelle was poppin lmaoooo not a lot of this stuff wouldn’t fly today
Opinion: making fun of stuff is okay. Making fun of people and their life preferences is okay. If you don’t like it or get offended, that’s also okay. But “cancel culture” is highly questionable and probably not okay. You have every right to tune out and not support. Try that.
 One hundred percent agree! I wrote a piece for 1972 about cancel culture, and how it makes me super uncomfortable.
 I'm not usually one for cancel culture, but I'm good with never hearing his comedy or supporting it again at this point.
In a spot of good news, Cancel Culture realized it needed to become Self-Cancel culture and that “Driving while Black” needed to be replaced with “Breathing while White” in order to become fully intersectional. Also 2x3 = a chicken &amp; “War and Peace” is now renamed “War is Peace.”
As the year winds down, we have to ask, have we hit peak #cancelculture?   
From cancel culture to problematic faves, microaggressions to mental health and more. Hosted by  and  This Is Spoke is an uncensored podcast that explores today's most important issues.   🎧Subscribe and listen:      
Cancel culture is a bunch of fools, pretentious fools, full of ego &amp; extremism to make sure the world fits into their narratives, if anyone ever said I am cancelled I will go outside &amp; throw stones at walls physically because I will never be cancelled by an avatar &amp; retweets
I think “cancel culture” is a thing because these times are so emotionally taxing &amp; the list of people deserving of our care &amp; consideration is so ever-expanding that people find genuine relief when they can actually remove someone from that list
 That's a perfect example though. There's no canceling Ariana Grande. People complain about "cancel culture" but it's a myth. And a lot of celebs become even more famous/make more money because of their "personal" lives. They could be private but they aren't for a reason.
Because this is hard I'm taking another day to consult with everyone involved and be the biggest support I can be to them. Desperately trying to navigate this outside of cancel culture; it's so toxic to say goodbye forever to an entire scene. I've been there. Never again.
As the year winds down, we have to ask, have we hit peak #cancelculture?   
Yo cancel culture is becoming exhausting holy shit.
Can't wait till Blueface starts making more money than y'all want him to and y'all start the cancel culture mob on him.   
I'm sure #CancelCulture is going nuts over this. But really, when someone is wrong on something it's an opportunity for growth and to have an educated discussion on the matter.  I know we all want everybody to understand every point of view and be fully WOKE, but the reality is
Cancel culture needs to be canceled
can we leave flexing &amp; cancel culture in 2018 please?
#CancelCulture
  For all the talk of cancel culture, the next person to truly get cancelled will be the first one
New Video /     *on 'Exposing Celebrities &amp; Cancel Culture'   
 I’m not big on “cancel culture” but Momoa has done enough weird things over the last few years that the rampant thirst for him is a little eyebrow-raising to me, tbh!
This episode is so wide ranging, from race to cancel culture to getting sick on flights. It's deep, it's hilarious, it's a MUST LISTEN.
This whole “cancel culture” is too much We need to talk about it before suicide becomes the goto for ppl who believe that forgiveness/healing are no longer an option  I am committed to setting boundaries to protect my peace w/o diminishing those who hurt me into a dangerous space
   It is possible to not want to be in a relationship with someone but still want to protect them. This cancel culture is too much.
Today I watched people who have dragged me and others complain about cancel culture and I realized: we’ve ALL, myself included, been waaaayyy too guilty of unkindness (often in the name of RTs and laughs) on this here app.   It’s a hard habit to break. But we gotta try.
Cancel Culture:    via 
The Breakfast Club: Marc Lamont Hill Talks CNN Firing, Relationship With Farrakhan, "Cancel Culture" In Black Community [Video]  (Image via REVOLT / The Breakfast Club/REVOLT/iHeartMedia)        
Have we hit peak cancel culture? | CBC Radio   
*criticizes PewDiePie*  PewDiePie stans: “This cancel culture where people’s reputations are ruined is TOXIC!! Are you TRYING to get him kicked off the Internet?”  Ah yes, little ol’ me is going to get the biggest YouTuber removed from the Internet. He’ll never work again!
. opens up about "cancel culture" and her unexpected proudest moment of 2018:   
Have we hit peak cancel culture? The act of 'cancelling' problematic people and things, including Christmas songs, hit its stride in 2018 — but is it working?   
  Best feature on cancel culture I’ve seen. Don’t cancel.
Have we hit peak #cancelculture? The act of cancelling problematic people and things, including Christmas songs, hit its stride in 2018, but how effective is it?    via 
I’m anti-cancel culture in general and I actually like Taylor Swift’s music fine, But this take is so irrevocably bad I don’t see any recourse short of blasting this twitter account into the sun.
rare footage of Jerry Seinfeld speaking on cancel culture before cancel culture existed
I’m gonna RT this pod ep everyday this week. Excellent convo about Kevin Hart declining the Academy Awards hosting gig and larger convo about ‘cancel culture’ w/  who has had his own experience with it.  Also, white ppl milly rocking in front of Brooklyn housing projects!
Cancel Culture, is creating more stars than its actually cancelling ...
Shout out to writer/producer Travon Free  for giving us great insight on the pod about how the industry operates in the age of Cancel Culture.  Made us feel like a real pod!  Also, we clowned Bow Wow and reviewed #TWIWP (this week in white people), so don’t get it twisted
Now this was a blast! Thanks to   and  for joining me on  to talk about Kevin Hart, cancel culture, and, most importantly, Tumblr porn 😎😎   
when cancel culture meets the desperation to generate clicks, folks
 Like, for me, I think there is a difference bw cancel culture and asking a public figure to address words that mean something to a lot of people. Words matter a lot, and we do grow, like you said, and none of us is pure, but we have to own our shit and address them
 I tend to agree on cancel culture but I found his apology entirely lacking in substance and full of toxic defensiveness. I always think it’s how you handle a mistake that builds character. And using an MLK quote to air out grievances and make himself a victim was lame IMO
 Accountability and exhaustion are certainly warranted. This is a question more about "cancel culture" and what it means, if anything.
  Maybe Hart isn't the best example. His botched apology was half-ass. I get that. He hasn't demonstrated remorse, but cancel culture swiftly does away with ignorant folks,  but do we want them to stay ignorant, and if you think it's not our job to teach, I fully get that too.
Has cancel culture gone TOO FAR?!?! My column:
Please do not tweet me about "cancel culture" because someone *quit* a job they could have totally kept if they just mellowed out.
Cancel culture is not healthy.
New series hosted by  looking at cancel culture.
Within cancel culture, we are only permitted to enjoy the art of women if they are found to be morally perfect...       
 Messy is one word for it. I'm all for people being held to account for their actions. But black and white, crusading "cancel" culture is troubling, and if that's a sign of my age, good. Guilty. If the inability to see nuance or allow for redemption = young, glad I'm old.
The troubling truth about fashion’s #cancel culture: when a luxury brand screws up, the harm it does is not to the people who are asked to buy the clothes, but the masses asked to buy into the dream.   
Have we really #cancelled Dolce &amp; Gabbana? Or does this crisis underscore the limits of social media's #cancel culture?      
 The Devil Wears Prada analogy is so useful! Hard agree w/ you -- cancel culture dismisses interrogation and further action, and using Instagram Stories to do it makes this kind of activism intense but so fleeting and superficial
Can we ever really #cancel Dolce &amp; Gabbana? On the power and limits of #cancel culture in fashion and industry watchdog Diet Prada:   
When  said “no one ever keeps the same energy IRL that they have online....” re: cancel culture. #HellaOpinions   
#HellaOpinions Ep 10 ft.     is live! We honor Kim Porter, talk cancel culture, and open up about our cell phone habits. Plus find out which 90s heartthrob Tichina used to date back in the day!   
We’re talking cancel culture and dishing on which celebrities need to chill right now on #HellaOpinions 🍹   
Tonight on #HellaOpinions  opens up about being raped as a child and the power of forgiveness in cancel culture.    “I was raped when I was 3 years old and I know I didn’t do anything because I’m a child.”  Tune in at 9pm ET on Twitter via    
This is not about people pleasing although I do think the cancel culture on Twitter is having an impact on activism, but how does an activist actually get what they want? Or do activists just continue protesting, marching and dragging people?
All too often, when a celebrity shares an unpopular opinion, the response on social media is to boycott them.  on the rise of "cancel culture"   
It affect yo future yet you wanna turn it in 2marro type shit.   No sirrrrrrr 🙅🏽‍♂️  Cancel culture on my stagnant actions   Sickening
All too often, when a celebrity shares an unpopular opinion, the response on social media is to boycott them.  on the rise of "cancel culture"   
What is the "cancel culture"?   
 Has the Catholic Church's Cancel Culture Gone Too Far?
All too often, when a celebrity shares an unpopular opinion, the response on social media is to boycott them.  on the rise of "cancel culture"   
All too often, when a celebrity shares an unpopular opinion, the response on social media is to boycott them.  on the rise of "cancel culture"   
Just think about the term “cancel culture” for a moment
 man even i dont find this anywhere near offensive. 2018 cancel culture is wildddd
Thomas '21: Cancelling cancel culture |      
I'm not a big cancel culture proponent, but when it's happy hour it's happy hour so I'll have a drink and chill on Rebel Wilson.
  Nah, that’s wack to blame him. I blame “cancel culture” and people thinking sweeping something away does any good in the long run instead of just having hard conversations
In the wake of the Saffron Barker scandal, where does 'cancel culture' begin and end?      
This Sunday please tune in for my chat with  we’ll be talking therapists, Kanye, cancel culture and more for #Profile    
In the wake of the Saffron Barker scandal, where does 'cancel culture' begin and end?       
slumflower called for male genocide and gets an ad campaign at adidas? cancel culture where are you?
In the wake of the Saffron Barker scandal, where does 'cancel culture' begin and end?      
Don't worry about your problematic faves because, despite what your social media feed would have you believe, there's no such thing as a "Cancel Culture"      
The Misplaced Hysteria About a ‘Cancel Culture’ That Doesn’t Actually Exist -- by    
They’re trying to get the social media team fired now. Over a hashtag. This is the world we live in now. Welcome to cancel culture.
 OMGGGGG  SUPER glad to see you post dude holy shit i was worried  cancel culture is so vicious. glad to see you back
  Is anyone surprised? Even with supposed cancel culture no one ever actually gets cancelled.   I assume mans said he doesn't rock with that stuff anymore? And moves on
YouTuber  was kicked off a Dungeons &amp; Dragons charity stream called RPGSports on Twitch after LGBTQ allies complained about his presence on the show, alleging that he committed abuse, harasses and spews hate. It's crap. It's cancel culture.   
And I know that  knows better because I have seen her do better. And we don't rock like we used to, but I am appalled that this has become deflection &amp; derailment instead of a sincere apology from someone who gets upset about cancel culture so often.
 cancel culture absolutely out of control m8
‘04. Colourism and Cancel Culture &amp; Our defence of Ella Mai’ on #SoundCloud    
The Cancel Culture   We act like we are spotless and without blemish. Meanwhile we are quick to cancel people over the same thing we are often guilty of.   
In 2018 cancel culture is so strong that people are obsessed with finding someone to cancel or be mad at. Even if that means digging through their accounts to find tweets that date back to when they were children. Again, go outside and get some sun light. There is more to life.
 not that he wasn’t serious (the tweets were awful don’t get me wrong) but he was a child when he tweeted those things...cancel culture completely dehumanizes us and strips us of the concept of growth
cancel culture is cancelled   
Cancel culture is fucking wack 😂
this "cancel culture" shit really corny
I hope this Brother Nature situation exposes what cancel culture is truly about. It’s not about justice. It’s about jealousy. Bored losers taking down successful people out of pure envy.
I hope this exposes what cancel culture is truly about. It’s not about justice. It’s about jealousy. Bored losers taking down successful people out of pure envy.
Yeah this cancel culture shit weird.   Mainly cause the jury’s hands are just as dirty.
I think people can say "what I said was fucked up. I have learned why this is fucked up and am glad I am not that person anymore." and we can allow that growth to happen. I am scared cancel culture does not care about growth. Especially for poc youth
Cancel culture is really just a cognitive dissonance tracker.
 Thank you💜  I do think it’s an important issue, I just don’t think cancel culture works the way we believe it does.  I want people to actually be heard  instead of their pain serving as social metric hits that boost careers.
Do you think cancel culture actually helps or harms?
A year ago, we were on the other end of cancel culture, people were cancelling us due to tweets from 7 years ago when someone was a child. I think cancel culture lacks a lot of nuance. Culture is always changing and so is dialogue and slang.
In regards to the Brother Nature situation, I do think cancelling is important for growth especially when the person tweeted something when they were a child but sometimes I think cancel culture doesn't give people room to grow.
I woke up at 2pm to this entire app talking about cancel culture and veneers
The flip side of people crying “fake outrage” or decrying “cancel culture” is everyone so quick to say a career being “ruined” I assure you they’re fine I mean who ever *truly* got cancelled?
Unfortunately, I can’t dissect/debate  cancel culture with y’all and maintain this good ass day I’m having. See y’all tomorrow.   
Idk which annoys me “cancel culture” or the pushback against it. People have the right to choose who they’ll support and how they’ll go about it.
Cancel Culture is wild butt. Let that kid hang out with animals and mind your business
 I've voiced that this was less about her or any celeb/figure and more about the systems that put this in place&amp; we dismiss/ enable them. I don't subscribe to cancel culture, so I agree on that end. But when critique is thought of as hating or canceling, that's where I don't agree
all this talk about ‘cancel culture’ but when will we cancel cold weather! thanks
I wondered for a quick second if this person was reading  on cancel culture:   
Came across these thoughts on FB on liberals, Kanye West and cancel culture:   
so matt weiner got a redemption profile in the nyt *and* vanity fair but yes, “cancel culture” is causing a critical crisis
    SAME i didn’t even think twice when i saw the title, i thought they were gonna talk about “cancel culture” on the internet lmao 😔
 people complain that cancel culture is running wild but I'm like...who has been cancelled these dudes keep coming back
Kanye seems like the living, breathing  rejoinder to the notion of “cancel culture” being a real thing
This is a really nuanced take on the ongoing debate about "cancel" culture. I definitely think it's important to fight for diverse representation in the arts because art shapes and moves us and we, in turn, impact the world and how it's run   
   Eh, maybe don't do this to an aspiring writer who made a mistake and has apologized?   I -just- saw a thread about cancel culture and we don't let people make mistakes in this community.
Ｃａｎｃｅｌ　ｃｕｌｔｕｒｅ　 ｉｓ　ｃａｎｃｅｌｌｅｄ
To be fair, I don’t really have any standing since I didn’t think the goldfish on mac &amp; cheese from earlier this week looked bad* but .... nooooooooooooo 🤮  *friendly reminder that cancel culture is wrong so you can’t say anything about me!
From cancel culture to problematic faves, microaggressions to mental health and everything in between.   Subscribe and listen to  an uncensored podcast exploring today's most important issues, hosted by  +  ➡️➡️➡️      
From cancel culture to problematic faves, microaggressions to mental health and everything in between. Hosted by  and  This Is Spoke is an uncensored podcast that explores today's most important issues with some of the UK’s hottest musicians and writers.   
Okayplayer presented an in-depth conversation with .  Watch her speak about feminism, cancel culture, &amp; why she loves Cardi-B.      
Okayplayer presented an in-depth conversation with .  Watch her speak about feminism, cancel culture, &amp; why she loves Cardi-B.      
Okayplayer presented an in-depth conversation with .  Watch her speak about feminism, cancel culture, &amp; why she loves Cardi-B.      
J. Cole Discusses Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Domestic Abuse &amp; Cancel Culture      
"It’s the myth of cancel culture that has earned it such an unsatisfactory veneer... But cancellation does not imply moralism, or heedless impulse—it only requires that we reckon with the truth as it is."   
Watch  speak about feminism, cancel culture, &amp; why she loves Cardi-B.      
What is the responsibility of critics — particularly critics of color — in an age in which representation and cancel culture have become intrinsic to conversations around art? Our panel discusses   
What is the responsibility of critics — particularly critics of color — in an age in which representation and cancel culture have become intrinsic to conversations around art? Our panel discusses   
To fully gain understanding in people, things, art etc... we need to look at the mechanics. Cancel culture really just cancels everything without delving deeper.
 Cancel culture is trash. The author agrees:  "I’m not interested in cancel culture, but I am interested in moving forward in life without the artists and cultural figures who can no longer offer me anything they haven’t themselves figured out."
. shares wisdom on  , "Cancel Culture" and more 👇👇    
. shares wisdom on  , "Cancel Culture" and more 👇👇    
J. Cole Discusses Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Domestic Abuse &amp; Cancel Culture      
Support/forgiveness are very complicated things often tethered to a lot of personal experiences. The thing I find myself most interested in about current cancel culture is this “cancelled by proxy” phenomenon that’s presented as virtue but it’s really just a superiority fetish.
I think I'm reaching a point where I'm really against cancel culture (with few exceptions tbh). I don't think it's necessarily noble to avoid things because someone told you they were bad. Form your own opinion. It might still be bad but at least you'll know.
while i do believe that cancel culture is unsustainable we are living in a world of bullshit and “fake news” accusers and climate change deniers and r*pe apologists and frankly i just do not want to hear some people speak anymore
and he tweets stuff like this before he tweets absolute garbage. Like, no sis, I have issues with “cancel culture” too but if you think what you’re doing is comparable, you are very much wrong   
cancel culture is over, it’s canceled
no more cancel culture
J. Cole Discusses Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Domestic Abuse &amp; Cancel Culture      
"Jedis never let perception and cancel culture get between them."   
J. Cole Speaks Out On Cancel Culture, The Trouble With Fame and Schooling Young Rappers    via  
J. Cole Speaks Out On Cancel Culture, The Trouble With Fame and Schooling Young Rappers   
#JCole expresses disappointment in Nas in the wake of abuse allegations and  touches on “cancel culture” in an in-depth interview. Get the full story here. Peep below. ⬇️⬇️   
Yandhi's album rollout has solely been on Kanye fighting against "cancel culture" by endorsing Bari, 6ix9ine, etc., his slavery was a choice comment (still), beefing with Drake, and horniness.
. Speaks Out On Cancel Culture, The Trouble With Fame and Schooling Young Rappers |    
J. Cole Speaks Out On Cancel Culture, The Trouble With Fame and Schooling Young Rappers   
New  cover:  goes deep with  on fame, compassion, cancel culture, smacking “little brother” rappers and much more      
. speaks out on cancel culture, the trouble with fame and schooling young rappers      
"Jedis never let perception and cancel culture get between them."    
“perception and cancel culture"
Kanye on ASAP Bari: "Jedis never let perception and cancel culture get between them"   
I love food/candy that comes out during holidays.   Even candy corn.   Jedis never let perception and cancel culture get between them.
the jedi high council was on some cancel culture sometimes   
Bari I appreciate your perspective and vision. You brought me closer to Rocky too. Jedis never let perception and cancel culture get between them.
 Cancel culture is strong
Wizkid, misbehaviour and why cancel culture can never worry Nigerian musicians – by Joey Akan.   
Wizkid, misbehaviour and why cancel culture can never worry Nigerian musicians – by Joey Akan.    #wizkidayo #wizkid
“Cancel Culture” isn’t real, man. Same people supposed to be canceled still out here doing the Running Man in peace.   Now we got “Counter-Cancel Culture,” the ones who cancel the cancelers, shit is wild.
  A lot of people, certainly general audiences, wouldn't know that. Even so, clearly there is a reason the HERO is punching her. Instead of immediately getting outraged and diving into cancel culture, maybe, you know, take a breath and think, "Oh, there's probably a reason for it."
Cardi B speaks on "cancel culture" and denies responsibility for transphobic meme found on her Facebook.      
Lmao this is cancel culture in a nutshell: condescending to others because they follow me and lying about having me blocked   
Sometimes we have different opinions than our friends or people in our industry but it’s important to have a dialogue to learn and grow. This “cancel” culture and progressive infighting  isn’t the solution. Stop bullying Susan.
I get that men are frustrated with cancel culture (as am I) and men who badly screw up being written off forever. The problem is that so few apologies seem sincere or like they're coming from a place of those men actually understanding how they are responsible for their actions.
   Yeah to a certain extent. Cancel Culture is never truly cancelling. For some sure but a majority, nah.
Reminder:  has a recorded pattern of making jokes and generalizations at the expense of POC. Im not the biggest fan of cancel culture but you can bet I’ll be attending the party when y’all finally realize we should’ve thrown it years ago      
I shouldn’t be surprised but I ain’t even think about the Cosby show paying high ass royalties to everyone.   But def a reminder to never get comfortable off royalties in this cancel culture. ESP when You can’t control other ppls actions.
OPINION: ‘Cancel culture’ idea is deeply flawed      
A snippet of me talking about cancel culture on the first episode of ’s new podcast I got to guest host.   
"I've been 'cancelled' many times, i'm still here, you can't cancel me." Listen to my podcast with the amazing  on cancel culture, internet life and problematic faves:      
Whether it's in how to hold others accountable &amp; achieve restorative justice, or in how the person being "canceled" chooses to move next. Read up on Doja Cat’s problematic tweets and the performative art of cancel culture. |✏️:    
Haha exactly, I'll never understand it. Plus cancel culture never really cancels people or things. They'll be right back to buying Nike in like two weeks lol  Folks just want social media clout these days...
Grand opening, grand closing?  on Doja Cat, "cancel" culture, and what to do when the problematic tweets of a newfound celebrity resurface:   
 cancel culture is groupthink now
highlight from last nights i need a gf stream on cancel culture, and cultural appropriation.   
New podcast episode!🎙️ I wish I was as wise and graceful as this amazing woman  at 23. We cover a lot of ground. Cancel culture, online trolls, problematic faves, how polarising the internet has become, and how to be alone:   
way more articles written about how bad "cancel culture" is than number of people actually cancelled.
The saddest part of call out/cancel culture is... we can never REALLY get anyone out of the paint. We just force them to fall back for a while or take a paid vacation/sabbatical after which they will be welcomed back with open arms... when they were supposedly "over". Sickening.
Never subscribed &gt; Cancel culture
Don’t confuse setting and maintaining boundaries with this “cancel culture” criticism y’all love to throw around.
Cancel culture is so complicated and undermined by the fact that there’s a new person to cancel each day.  For me a lot of it is rooted in fear. I’m committed to personal ideas of what justice/equality look like but afraid it isn’t coming and afraid that I don’t how to get it
Fans and media pin the outrage on "PC culture" / "cancel culture" bloodlust, as if people turned off by artists' shitty takes are at fault when someone who aspires to be famous is too thick in the head either to be decent online or to scrub the damn tweets from when they weren't.
 Selective cancel culture. Men seem to be excluded 🤔🤷🏾‍♀️
Extreme cancel culture can be annoying but no one's more annoying than the intensely anti-cancel club. Like, nobody said YOU had to be offended. Keep supporting whoever you want to support, captain save-a-hoe.
 i don't use the word any kind of ways, so i can't cosign that idea. and "cancel culture" is an imaginary construct. people always caught flak for saying dumb shit in public.
 Lmao cancel culture is a joke.
Nicki Minaj is the latest example of capitalism stifling cancel culture.      
 “Cancel culture” is a goddamn joke anyways lol can’t even take that shit seriously
 All I’m saying is have that conversation. I was clear in that I was responding *specifically* to the use of an out of context tweet to prove a point.   Why not reach out to  + have that broader conversation if it matters to you ? I’m saying “cancel” culture is dangerous.
Sabrina Claudio just sold out her LA show in minutes, cancel culture doesn’t fucking exist word to my good sis River.
I’m 100% here for learning from others and admitting it if I’m wrong about something. I will do that. But I’m no longer here for being scared of when someone might start a war or bring in “cancel culture” because I just really can’t do it anymore
when did “cancel culture” become the new love &amp; forgiveness? when did social media become a toxic cesspool of hate? for a rt? for a like? it makes me sad for this new generation. life is lived irl, not on an app. ❤️
👌🏽 I love that it now has a name: "Cancel Culture". 😁
“cancel” culture ignores the nuances of the human existence. and also, renounces redemption and forgiveness. and that is a dangerous combination. no one wants to have the hard conversations. and those are exactly the things we need to get to the root and heart of matters at times
also a disclaimer: *calling out* shouldn’t always mean ATTACKING, which I’ve noticed people do on here a lot (and even I’m guilty of). There’s a difference between asking someone to check themselves versus “cancel culture” where you outright attack other women
I moderated a panel last night and during a conversation about "cancel culture" and the possibility of being "uncanceled," an audience member asked for an example of someone being "uncanceled." Me: "Don Lemon."
Wrote about cancel culture, Rosanne Barr, Aziz Ansari, James Gunn &amp; how shoddy journalism deliberating the nature of ppl who accept &amp; repent for singular fuck ups is diff than forgiving ppl who blatantly spread falsehoods &amp; horrific beliefs for yrs &amp; never grow, change, or own it
honestly i'm just gonna say it: cancel culture is cancelled
That may be the first time I've read a piece that actually interrogates ideas about Cancel Culture and seems to conclude it's actually not a great thing. 2018, what a time!
this is a great piece from  about MIA, killing your darlings, and whether cancel culture is actually worth it   
#BoycottTrevorNoah: “Cancel Culture” And The Underhanded Search for Jesus      
"cancel culture" is my least favorite part of the internet. Punishing people for who they were instead of who they are is an unfair double standard. What is happening to James &amp; so many others online is a shortcoming of the industry. How do we evolve if we don't let people grow?   
 I also wonder if cancel culture leads to harmful behaviors/beliefs becoming more insidious by becoming hidden.   Agree on tricky situations where behavior involves another party/victim: Then you have the evaluate the cost to the victim while you're troubleshooting bad behavior.
Shoutouts to  for coining the term "cancel culture" (at least that's where I snagged it from). So fitting.
I worry that cancel culture leaves no room for incentives to grow and improve as a person. At the same time, some people really need to get cancelled. Wonder how we'll navigate this fine line as a society immersed in social media, where context is stripped and news travels fast.
Look, James Gunn's tweets were disgusting. But he apologized. YEARS ago.  At what point do we realize that people mature and it's unfair to crucify them for past sins they've owned up to?   Cancel culture is trash.
 and thus cancel culture carries value in that sense, because it makes the cost of empathising only with those close to you much higher.
Of course, it is scary and open to abuse and I’d hate to face it. But cancel culture has political and intellectual value because of the very real, material discomfort it causes.
Cancel culture forces you to have guilt about sneakily listening to an old song or reading an old post by someone problematic. It forces you to contend with a more realistic morality.
Cancel culture forces us to realise that any sort of support or approval in a capitalist society leads to material benefits for those involved. A positive tweet is monetisable, as is a Facebook like, as is the decision to stream a song.
I don’t disagree entirely with such assessments. But one thing that I keep coming back to is that cancel culture forces us to consider our consumption as a consequence.
I wanted to put down some (scattered) thoughts on “cancel culture”. I thought of doing a blog, but who tf blogs anymore?  Khair I’ve heard people across the political spectrum complain that "cancelling" people is negative, that it leads to witch hunts and can be very destructive.
Question Of The Day: Cancel Culture   
Logan Paul and the Myth of Cancel Culture      
Logan Paul and the Myth of Cancel Culture   
Logan Paul proves that cancel culture rarely has any meaningful effect on the lives and comfort of the cancelled.   
"That underscores the real tension endemic to contemporary cancel culture: It’s possible to be canceled and thrive at the same time."    
This is why cancel culture is dangerous. It’s a zero sum game that champions apathy while shunning empathy, refusing human error and eliminating nuanced discourse. All of these things are essential to humanity. If we let them go, we risk letting ourselves go. We can't be that
 I’m all about accountability, and how support enables behavior. But I’m also concerned about the way that cancel culture works these days, and how we’re often more focused on throwing people away instead of looking at causality to actually resolve these issues in an authentic way
Also this is why when people tell me about “cancel culture “ and frankly “transformative justice” I keep it teh fuck pushing . Folks stil havent grokked basic victim support but are quick to want to keep the  problematic
Nas gonna feel that cancel culture pressure this Friday. I give it till 6pm Friday.
 And yes, cancel culture been a joke
Why "Cancel Culture" Needs to be Cancelled    via 
   I’m totally against ‘cancel culture’ but Jordan...you’re cancelled
Cancel-culture is harmful.
It’s ok to like Kanye It’s ok to like Taylor It’s ok to like Pusha It’s ok to like Drake It’s ok to not like any of them at all. This whole ‘cancel culture’ is the dumbest shit ever. Not everything has to be turned into my side vs your side. It’s ok to disagree &amp; still be civil.
Remember when I said cancel culture only works on black women?
Lol this cancel culture is so fickle
the internet is so damn fickle, that’s why i don’t agree with “cancel culture”   
Only the hyper sensitive cancel culture would call a diss track “rude”.
  Lost all respect for me because I have some Bitcoin? Seems like an overreaction. Cancel culture doesn't help anything but your own ego
 but you know how the game goes. ppl cancel her, yeezy, chris brown, r kelly, any of them.....until they release a new song that they don't wanna feel bad liking. this cancel culture been an illusion for most folks.
Cancel culture is more about public performance than anything else.   Most cancelled artists are continuing to get streams, downloads, and sales from those who publicly cancelled them.
This “cancel” culture where people like to grandstand on how they don’t or won’t support someone/something because of past transgressions is tiresome, but when it moves to disavowing other people for not feeling the same as you it’s particularly dull.
And that’s what gives me night sweats that’s the part of “call out/ cancel culture “ that folks miss . It’s why asking “ how do I make my (party/movement/ platform) better over “what do you need to be her” is such a bad question #metoo #timesup
Extremely good replies in this thread. Civil debate. No cancel culture callouts. And it has to do with race and Kanye, which makes it even more amazing.   
   Co-sign that ‘cancel’ culture is the one of the worst things to happen to this platform
 I think cancel culture started in our personal lives before it led to celebrity. Unfriending/unfollowing/muting/blocking made it a normal reaction to conflict or disagreement.
Is it time to reexamine cancel culture?  Kanye vs. Issa: 5 Things to consider before you “CANCEL” your fave      
“Cancel Culture”   
Hold the hell up. This is the point of no return. I hate “cancel culture” but ... buh bye, Kantye   
Cancel Culture looking crazy. I ain’t fucking with none of you.
Cancel culture clearly isn’t for me anyway, but it’s funny to me how ppl want to prove they always knew some person/celeb/publication/platform was trash first. Ok ok we get it.
I wouldn't recommend turning every celebrity fuckup into a referendum on cancel culture or whatever. That card can come out making you look sympathetic to the wrong parties.
RE: LRT,  had a phenomenal episode of the Brutally Honest podcast where she talks about how cancel culture is less about making the world a better place and more about us looking for ways to make ourselves feel better than other people. Must-listen
Cancel Culture: Why we should learn to watch our words more and stop saying everything is #cancelled      
I meeeeannnnn does the 'cancel culture' successfully cancel anyone except black femmes?!  Everyone one else seems to be able to just 'start a dialogue'   
Finally. Cancel culture. People have populated the net, these platforms etc with info especially about diverse identities and experiences. The amplification of these means that some of this knowledge is becoming mainstream and ignorance is harder to claim and forgive.
Let me say a few things real quick: about having faves/being a fave, the ways in which privilege weaponises and strengthens ego, on being humble and listening in order to learn, and the cancel culture as a sign of growing power. Leggo /Mini-thread
 i think that... you are de-legitimizing perfectly sensible reasons people have been mad at JT, Katy, &amp; Taylor by painting people out to be bloodthirsty think piece warriors &amp; i'm suspicious of any serious suggestions of a cancel culture when everyone's album still does just fine.
 Cancel Culture outrages me to no end. People are so quick about it.
Really appreciated this commentary as I navigate my own thoughts on accountability, justice, and "cancel culture" re: sexual harassment and/or assault, as well as sexually inappropriate behaviors.   
I am concerned about this cancel culture. I’m all for the accountability of Don Lemon,but we truly don’t allow for Black folk to fuck up, learn from it, and grow.   
Thinking about how the whole "cancel culture" convo is goofy because it treats people quitting a TV show or a musical artist for moral/philosophical reasons like some newfangled internet behavior when it's not.
I’ve been thinking a lot about this over the break, especially of call-out and “cancel culture,” the portrayal of “wokeness” as “perfection” rather than active, hard work that requires dialogue, apology, constant learning.   This was good food for thought.   
I really don't get cancel culture. When someone steps out of their lane and speaks on things they don't know about they get canceled. But then y'all cancel folks for supposedly not speaking out on everything under the sun. You have to pick a side.
I love ’s #BrutallyHonest podcast, and this was episode on Cancel Culture is my favorite so far.   
Hey, you Cancelers listennnnnn and switch your life up  Listen to Episode 24: [The Cancel Culture] by  #np on #SoundCloud   
A friend and I were chatting about this recently. Cancel culture, 24/7 outrage &amp; the draggers. We both agreed that Twitter has become this thing designed to make ppl seem smarter/cooler/better. It’s f defeating. I miss the old v. Karlie talks about alladat here.👂🏾   
 Super normalized due to the casual and cavalier way in which 45 tweets. Then add all the men strapping on capes for other men about sexual misconduct, "cancel" culture when people say one wrong thing... it's a lot. On a regular basis. There likely is a limit one's brain can take.
  I wholeheartedly agree that the whole twitter "cancel culture" seriously needs to be rethought.
A big part of abuse is how some survivors blame themselves for what happened &amp; project that onto other survivors.  Instead of talking about that yall "cancelled" her.  Cancel culture is fucking stupid &amp; the people who participate in it are performative self-righteous dickheads.   
Ya'll was ready to drag me by my edges when I suggested that we chill out with that cancel culture. I figured she needed room and space to unpack harmful thinking. Turns out the root of it was a lot deeper.   
"cancel culture" is like "callout culture" evolved to be a bit better, like, fans (or ex-fans) understand better where to draw the line versus just cringe. it's like we know when to use james corden lightly gesturing vs tyra banks shouting and I think this is a good step for us
One day I will write a full piece on my thoughts of cancel culture. Until then I'm done breaking it down via social media. It's exhausting to keep explaining the same thing 5011 times.   
 Cancel culture is dumb
When I used the phrase "cancel culture" I thought it was implied who my target audience was.   
Let's talk "cancel culture." Personally, I am willing to give a lot of grace to young Black girls simply because the world doesn't. I wasn't born reading bell hooks. I had to grow. So does Gabby Douglas. And so do some of you.
Also, can we talk about "cancel culture" with us? At what point do we allow people room to grow and make mistakes?   
Man, I've been talking about this for YEARS.   "Cancel culture" is nothing more than pedantic, condescending, faux-woke BULLSHIT.  
